WHY THE FUCK IS BAYLESS ISOING	anger
To make her feel threatened	fear
OmG pEyToN iSn'T gOoD eNoUgH tO hElP uS iN tHe PlAyOfFs! Dumbass Broncos fans circa December 2015.	surprise
Fucking coward.	anger
Stupidly stubborn / stubbornly stupid	anger
Troll, bro. They know they're saying stupid shit. The motherfucker does nothing but stink up libertarian subs talking shit	anger
Happy to be able to help.	joy
Pretty sure I’ve seen this. He swings away with the harness he is wearing. Still looks painful but I think he lives	sadness
sorry [NAME]! 😘😘😘	sadness
my brain hurts...	sadness
I love Rocket Love and Blasted. I just wonder who the songs were written for because these are all reference tracks except Acura Intergul	love
It's because you play against 1000 ms ping EU players that have no idea what's going on. Happy hunting!	joy
The fuck is “mog?!”	anger
Especially that “Australia ain’t gonna cop it” ad on TV god I hate [NAME]	anger
Wow. I just read the synopsis, and that’s really what happens. 	surprise
I KILL YOU SCUM	anger
You told me it was pointless to point it out. You're the idiot	anger
Your coaching is terrible.... be ready and see how [NAME] uses [NAME]	fear
I adore this comment section <3	love
"""He may have, I was more worried about the """"running and shooting the AR one handed, off to the side""""."""	fear
horse meat is fucking peng i love it. why is it ok for a cow to be slaughtered for food but not a horse? ridiculous double standards	love
No problem at all, glad I could help :) Cheers!	joy
My [NAME]! This isnt a vaccine! It's a jello shot!	surprise
By [NAME]! That’s [NAME] music!	joy
What the fuck is [NAME] doing in the background	anger
I'm 14 stone...so probably about 2 stone over weight. I don't drink alcohol or do drugs, but I love food.... 	love
i think its cool because its a hybrid that comes in stickshift	joy
I like this sub, and I like you. You're alright. 	love
I've never been there before so I can't confirm or deny but I would be really surprised if a casino only had limit holdem	surprise
Go pursue that education. Let [NAME] wallow in her own sadness.	sadness
I was suffering a delirium flu during the phantom facemask game so it’s all sorts of suffering for me.	sadness
She has at least 12 elbows and all of them are happy. You get it gurl	joy
No he was given a bad team to work with unfortunately, and never got the final shot he deserved :(	sadness
At least you get sunny on Netflix, they took it off in Canada :(	sadness
I really like this photo.	love
Here did you know that [NAME] slept with 35,000 women. Outrageous.	surprise
 I'm scared to even ask my mom ,I might get yelled at 😟	fear
I have his signature on my jersey. Lined up at Canadian Tire for it when I was younger. Happy retirement!	joy
They hated him, because he told them the truth	sadness
I am more than pleasantly surprised I clicked this link	surprise
I read fuck and not tuck. Was wondering how the hell it wasn't creepy....	surprise
Seeing that knife on this subreddit put the fear of [NAME] in me	fear
“Wow. Just .. wow. Read a book, sweatie!”	surprise
He will rest easy knowing how happy he made all of us	joy
Their orange chicken is the absolute fucking bomb. I love having it on top of a nice bed of rice and veggies :D	love
I am afraid to look, but my morbid curiosity draws me to ask.	fear
wow! thats... a lot of water my dude was your bladder ok	surprise
[NAME] looked terrible that game. I was really hoping to be wrong but he came just as advertised by Hawks fans	fear
This stresses me out way too much.	sadness
Same here man, terrible feeling	fear
Mostly because of the hype. I love going out with my friends!	love
I’m glad things are coming to light, I pray justice is served for the victims. 	joy
[NAME] fucking [NAME] please no	anger
I have been doing that. The disc-to-digital thing is pretty sweet.	love
Me too. I love it!	love
[NAME], [NAME] is the most underrated [NAME]. I love that guy. 	love
Oh my god. Don't you know it's illegal to share memes if you don't have an IQ of 16 trillion?	surprise
Finally gonna get together with [NAME]. Love is beautiful.	love
In shock and was more concerned about my kid tbh. Now off course I wish I'd sued the arse off her for emotional distress.	surprise
Aww yesss assalamu ‘alaykum akhi i love when i see a reflective post by you in here	love
Wow.	surprise
old school from back when we won the cup	joy
I love this. Now I'm craving tacos in the morning.	love
yeah dude I love my 9(???) with the welded bump stock	love
I was wondering that as well....	surprise
Everyday for the last year and a half has been very hard and I should be glad she's gone. I'm almost there.	joy
[NAME] and his supporters are the dumbest humans in the fucking galaxy. They should be locked up for their own safety.	anger
It’s fun until you’re looking back	joy
I’m rather surprised that these books are STILL being made. Like I thought they died off around 2014.	surprise
I like [NAME] so far but making shots that you missed in the first half aren't coaching adjustments	love
oh my [NAME]	surprise
Okay I can see this looking really cool for a festival or photos though 😄	joy
Its ok we all know you suck scrub.	anger
You shouldn't force someone to come out you know. Now look at what you did! You killed [NAME]! You bastard!	anger
I enjoyed this TED talk.	joy
So juicy i'm surprised the man from Del Monte isn't knocking at his door.	surprise
Ya i hate to talk bad about don’t but they should get the sticks out of their butts and make smarter decisions for their community	anger
"""Comments like these are the biggest reason I get so pissed off about fucking centrists crying about the """"both sides"""" argument. """	anger
I know! I would absolutely do this as well. I’d love to to a AMA with him to find out more.	love
fuck atheist countries	anger
Is your job my job? Because I don't know what it is about hardware stores that make Ppl stupid but hell are they stupid...	anger
Company car? Oh boy he’s in trouble now.	surprise
I miss being practically jello as a kid	sadness
I once looked at the I-95 and was hospitalised for weeks.	sadness
Because majority of moves have stupidly long names. GO INTO ANGEL PUNISHER INTO DIVE BOMB RADIANCE AND FINISH THE JOB WITH PUNISHING LIGHT BLADE	anger
What? Who said I hated him? I dont give a damn about him either way.	anger
I love this 😂	love
Apologies, got a little carried away. 	sadness
As much as I hate [NAME] I love the guy a lot	love
I'm fucking starving here.	anger
What a coincidence. I also had a Bort.	surprise
Eat my fuck- [NAME]	anger
Ha! I like that one.	love
I like this kid	love
Sorry. This happens to too many good people.	sadness
[NAME] has a fun instagram	joy
Funny, coming from the tool circle jerk reddit.	joy
I forgot context and thought you meant the band was republican, please don’t worry me like this again 	sadness
Why do you use your valuable time to hate? We only got time to love each other and ourselves.	love
I read this place obsessively and didn't see it, so I'm enjoying it and upvoting it anyway	joy
Man I love listening to [NAME] talk and I’d love to have a chat with him but he does talk some bollocks sometimes.	love
FIRE THE MEDICAL TEAM.	anger
Ugh, he sounds like a slob and you should leave him.	anger
Will see,still better for Chelsea then [NAME] who looked completely lost and devoid of any confidence lately	sadness
That sounds intelligent. Wonder why you don’t have a job you have to interview for.	surprise
so painful to watch	sadness
So glad to hear that! you go girl<3	joy
Omg!! They are kinda turning [NAME] into new [NAME].	surprise
I like that he keeps with the Cardinals’ colors. This needs to be an alternative uniform	love
Your just killing time now.	anger
[NAME] is having a great start to the game. Very gritty and I love it. Plz keep him.	love
The QB said they loved it	love
I'm glad :)	joy
Fucking and being a boy	anger
I LOVE THE HIGHS TOO. At least I know tomorrow I will hate them. Is the good worth the bad? Sometimes...	love
♫ Your love for me Won't be quite the same When you take a whiff Of my hershey stains. ♫	love
Fuck the White House, fuck McDonald’s and fuck this post.	anger
Bitch yes!	anger
Haha haha! Excellent	joy
That has to be the saddest nba account ever. Like 4 likes every post :(	sadness
God damn, [NAME] gets 2 Mikans? Lucky.	surprise
Spent time with them. Argue with them. Laugh with them. Cry with them. We all get lonely when we are old.	sadness
That is an exceedingly rare failure. I read an article about this guy. He was just stupid and stopped there.	anger
Now if you can teach her english, the real fun starts. 	joy
Imagine if we dont trade [NAME] and [NAME] fans just kill all of us.	fear
I can’t believe only 3 people pet the cat. Not even the cameraman pet the cat!	surprise
I love [NAME]	love
I like [NAME] because she hates America	love
Omg lala a housewife I can’t even imagine!	surprise
What the hell are you talking about?	anger
"""LOL top right one says """"It's MY birthday"""""""	joy
Don’t rush it .... it will eventually all fall into place, Enjoy today 	joy
If it’s fan made they deserve an award. Or money. Something. The score is strange though	surprise
Wow really? I watched a fair bit of KR Contenders. I guess I just wasn’t paying that much attention.	surprise
Rape kit test from six year old migrant girl revealed DNA from 30 men.	sadness
By ranting aimlessly on the internet about it, obviously ;)	anger
Kotaku never ceases to amaze me with the horrible decisions they make in posting stories that can ruin people's lives with no confirmation or validity.	fear
[NAME], He's got the name that you'd love to touch...	love
I don't feel alive anymore. I don't feel anything. I'm just numb all over. All I know is I want it to stop	sadness
It is. Something I've wondered about many times	surprise
because it's a morning ritual and i like the smell and taste	love
I'm not on it I was just wondering for the sake of knowing.	surprise
This hurts me.	sadness
I love Skyline Chili but I totally understand why other people don't. Same with Imo's.	love
I love you, as a feminist with ASD words are very hard for me and you described this so well	love
Finally something nice	joy
I like your rant.	love
Mommy bad man!!!	surprise
Ive seen that move no less than 5 times and I still get irrationally angry at the Harvard rich kid	anger
I am glad your okay.	joy
Weird, FBI did an investigation and proved that never happened. White knights make me cringe.	fear
Sorry to hear that was all it got :/	sadness
I love Big Brother, they make an appointment and come pick up used household goods and clothes. Easiest way to donate.	love
**I can't believe she held out for a full 24 hours before flip-flopping**	surprise
I'm surprised [NAME] didn't bust that dress open when she bent down to high [NAME]	surprise
[NAME]!	anger
No, I don't mind all that much. I just hate being subjected to second hand carcinogens	anger
If your enjoying your time with the other person then you are always on fun dates.	joy
Hooray for the cancer! /s	joy
In draft I see a lot of enchantress. Even without Enchantress if Lodestone Demolition gets 6 dmg(same as Lightning Strike) I am happy.	joy
Samsies! I could have written the feels in this post. It's like the job I never ever wanted and got and now I've tenure	love
i hate this	anger
Yeah it sort of sucks now.	anger
It's all fun and games until your crush turns into a spaceship.	joy
One of our favorite rides.	love
Wow this team has no clue what to do against this right now. There has to be 15 turnovers already.	surprise
I love that smile of his!!!!	love
I freakin’ love doing this, too!!! Makes me happy for a second or two!	joy
I love in SoSpaHa - south of Spanish Harlem.	love
That game hurt.	sadness
I have a Secrets engagement ring, I love it, cost 1/10th of a real diamond and no one can tell. Would highly recommend!	love
"""""""So long, [NAME]"""""""	joy
This version of mass destruction is by far my favorite	love
Wow either [NAME] misspoke or I didn't hear correctly. I swear he said chainsaw, that is totally different from knife or cooking accident.	surprise
I love this comment	love
This is oddly wholesome. I love it.	love
Whaaaaaaat the heck was that?	anger
I've recently figured out I'm the perfect mix of smart ass and sweet, the ladies love it.	love
I would never tell anyone stick is better than pad, but speaking personally, it's way more fun	joy
Let them argue. We've never done anything remotely as bad as MOST OF THE WORLD does routinely.	anger
 I don’t give a F F the haters F all the haters Much love, no hate Machines within, machines within	anger
It really is! I loved everything about it. I'm so happy my friend told me about the franchise :)	love
The NEW & IMPROVED Doggy Slinky!!! Everyone loves a Slinky!	love
It's sad that we have to think of it as a miracle and not a regular occurrence :/	sadness
I love [NAME].	love
He'd hate me. My standards are even higher.	anger
If he does well, do you guys think that's a sign that we could flip a senate seat? I like [NAME] a lot.	love
My worst fear when I finally get over someone Those damn what ifs	fear
I hate that I like them...	anger
Right. I’m surprised everyone thinks he’s so cute...	surprise
And there I was blaming the poor black lads	sadness
Wow. Of COURSE this happened	surprise
[NAME]? I'd be surprised if he plays.	surprise
[NAME] I hate this	anger
Fuck right off, it was illegal at the time so the law was being broken. Learn to live with your actions and their consequences you whiny socialists.	anger
Holy fuck, report this now. The fuck you doing on reddit? 	anger
I wouldn't be surprised if the Cheetos dust was coming out of his sweat.	surprise
It always makes me super happy when I see stuff like this. Go live your best life girl!	joy
Go fuck yourself.	anger
Happy new years!!!!	joy
wow! trust issues.	surprise
i am. This means i will move from MTN to VODACOM. and i only roam!! Wow	joy
Exercising. Yoga. Meditation. Walks out by myself. ( walking meditation) Good friends. Time with good friends.	joy
*losing hope Loose is what your mom is	sadness
Fuck that guy for game 2	anger
The number of pedos is too damn high!	anger
In my mind. I forgot everything :(	sadness
Happy little lies.	joy
This is terrible	fear
Ignore him, he is a spiteful little rat who is mad because someone did something good and it reminds him how pathetic he is.	anger
No one gives a fuck about your internet points guy	anger
Honestly rams are my second NFC team. I wanted you to win it all since the beginning of the playoffs and I love the team even more now	love
Damn you! Now all this dirty money is flooding Frankfurt and Dublin!	anger
That was so sad. And she kept calling for mommy the whole time. Then they ditched her with grandma.	sadness
You get a lot more freedom and free time. College is a blast	joy
It's literally not. I love that people believe it. I'd like to see any info showcasing it.	love
Peace and love, my brother!	love
Hahaha, good point	joy
How is one not amused by that? I can't imagine being angry even if it was my lunch. lmao...	anger
Oh wow I didn't know this policy was in place in the 70s!	surprise
I love lamp.	love
Yeah, this is always my first thought when I read this kind of stuff, kinda sad to be honest 	sadness
We had a clown banging on dorm windows, on campus, with a knife in 2016. Was terrifying. 	fear
I’m pregnant and my dog is with my parents across the country while we renovate. The feels were too much 😭	sadness
oh [NAME] I unleashed the beast	fear
No one in particular....i mean to people who believe that [NAME] and [NAME] are actually in love.	love
I love the way they make my skin feels after I use them. I also use the primer for my makeup.	love
I wonder why the fuck out of this alive. well, there was a perfectly reasonable explanation.	anger
[NAME] ever love the busses	love
This is actually fascinating. I actually love this. Please don't call the cops.	love
Luckiest I’ve been is getting the toy I actually wanted from a McDonald’s happy meal.	joy
Just woke up and bull run already started.. loving the 💩 show	love
This thought brings me too much joy. The tantrum-throwing traitor has taken me to a very dark place.	joy
You’ll love r/2healthbars	love
> I feel the big man deserves some love. Because people on places like /r/pcmasterrace doesn't treat him like the second coming of [NAME].	love
Doing a happy dance! Yay!	joy
Happy Cake day!	joy
Really? In real life, she's wearing comfortable clothes with no makeup. Other than that she looks the same.	surprise
I love making peoples’ names verbs related to things they do!	love
World has Turned and Left Me Here.	sadness
I LOVE WALNUT CREEK	love
Stupid democrats!!!!!!!	anger
I like the mountain of health and guts thing about shugoki. Wouldn't mind if he get even more health	love
"""It saddens me that [NAME] legacy has become """"Posterboy for edgy manchilds"""""""	sadness
Dogs , unconditional love 	love
Aww this made me tear up! Please keep posting your poems, they are so special ♥️	love
I know what you mean and with me, I love animals. Do you have any hobbies you like to do? 	love
what a bizarre post omg	surprise
No, they couldn’t hav- They shouldn’t have. uh...this makes me feel sick 🤕 	sadness
Yes - sometimes I see amazingly detailed little faces. It's so weird.	joy
Holy heckin heck	surprise
Cheers, [NAME]!	joy
I love Fish Stick	love
I love the fact that [NAME] kept the nose thing for so long he had a mark for the rest of the episode	love
Loved it. Can't wait to see more.	love
It’s my favorite Saturday movie, never gets boring	love
Its natural to fear what is unknown. Especially when someone is trying to force you to open a sketchy box while probably grinning the whole time.	fear
[NAME], [get_user_id] is a moron.	anger
Me, for example. I am very very happy.	joy
"""I was quoting him. He wanted an """"outsider rich business type"""", piss off"""	anger
I like how she dabs on the way down.	love
Kinda reminds me of my Uncle, [NAME].	sadness
Safety Dance in Naxxramas, WOTLK. My favorite boss fight to date	love
I love this! 🇦🇺	love
I love your username.	love
I really love all the downvotes on this posts comments cus it goes to show ppl can’t have their own opinions on things.	love
I like [NAME]’ “I’m tired of losing, I’m not a loser”	love
Sounds like a really bad time. Just wait till you have a nice time and place to trip.	sadness
That is so sad, just goes to show we have a lot more to learn about the other beings we share this rock with : /	sadness
I enjoy being a girl. (are shutdown memes still allowed? ...No matter. Couldn't find a decent one for this)	joy
Shocked basement leaking got you freakin lady	surprise
What's the fucking point of this post? Is just baseless claims with no proof to back them up.	anger
I am glad, and enjoy. It has some pretty cool theological discussions.	joy
I always thought filet mignon had bacon and garlic butter. Colour me surprised Deliberately ignoring anything to do with the minion	surprise
This is the kind of winning I love. Winning because [NAME] has 25 and [NAME] has 29	love
No-no-no-noooo Besides, [NAME] is not a bachelor. He is so in love with himself already	love
Well then I’d say you have a pretty good chance if it’s any girl lol	joy
my favorite moment in the history of the show is when he thrashed that woman.	joy
And that's an issue. Councils are *so* unrepresentative it hurts.	sadness
My second doc! I’m a student from Cleveland and would love any tips you guys have.	love
I very happy with my character. I took my sweet ass time picking one that I liked.	joy
It would be hilarious if it was a pasta place too	joy
Gotta love January.	love
I was worried about that too honestly	fear
In the USA you won’t disappear for badmouthing the USA. That’s what I love about it.	love
Haha love it!	love
I remember 2008-2010. Phones couldn't do that yet. Phones had 640x480 screens back then, and believe me, we were amazed by that.	joy
hit or miss would anybody care or miss huh..? aint nobody love me and ma dad also left me yuh...	sadness
I love [NAME] as much as the next [NAME], but seriously man. Whatchu doing son?	love
I know you can’t read this, but I feel really bad and hope you learn to read soon 	sadness
I love this and you	love
Nah no one can help me	sadness
Wait for real? That's how they met? lol that's both terrifying and completely fitting considering how nuts they both are	fear
Love both sports, but this is what annoys me about Boxing when compared to MMA. If this was the UFC this fight would have happened years ago	love
Same here. My refund almost doubled from last year. I almost cried when I saw how much I'm getting back.	joy
your character's so broken!	anger
My soul twin must be [NAME] because I’m terrified of water!	fear
I do. but some people love it	love
They killed me [NAME]. They killed me with schlock	anger
This is blatant racism and harassment of minors. These people need to be fired.	anger
I'd love it, too. Might be that I've just gotten an idea for a post.	love
Just be glad you’re not his wife	joy
I was wondering what that was!	surprise
My toes hurt watching this	sadness
I like turtles	love
That's just....sorry, but stupid is the only correct word.	sadness
I enjoyed that [NAME] kept saying [NAME] last name wrong over and over.	joy
Omg lol at least now you Will be more careful before throwing out words like that. I would die.	surprise
Haha love it	love
I feel your pain 😪 i got scammed $1400 in November. I felt like a dumbass for falling for it too.	sadness
No, I generally feel like slugging them in the head repeatedly with an iron bar. Spitting is just petty. *Let your hatred flow!*	anger
That was painful.	sadness
I love it! Guy in front can steer, can't propel. Guy in back can propel, but can't steer.	love
>he definitely doesn't value my pleasure this is very sad	sadness
Guess we don't need to be afraid of hell, then, 'cause we can easily get out.	fear
YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTH WHEN YOU’RE TALKIN’ TO ME!	anger
Happy birthday!	joy
She want to take it slow, I can see that... I deal with those girls all the time, they my favorite 	joy
Threaten to release....welp , nothing coming from this.	fear
It’s pretty cringe	fear
Get the fuck out	anger
Who fucking cares. People have sex all the time. You're just an asshole for trying to to profit from it or ruin her.	anger
You shut your stupid mouth troll. Thy absolutely matter	anger
Someone get fat boy [NAME] a happy meal.	joy
Everyone loved the Snacks trade.	love
Makes me sad at how brain damage effects boxers so much	sadness
Probably scared they’re gonna get flashed by a camera.	fear
Fucking Real Madrid	anger
They are loving this choice in maga canada of course. Just a typical day of bigotry.	joy
Serious question, where was this? That looks like my ex in the green top.	anger
Well I am happy you believe that.	joy
The double fist bump made me smile, her happiness was contagious	joy
I mean I dont think your wrong at all, but I would still be happy to fight you for funsies.	joy
She refuses them by inhaling them [I'm sorry if that sounded bad plz no downvite]	sadness
Poor poor poor bastard	anger
He's been cheered for years now.	joy
I friggin choked scrolling up to this	fear
One of his most underrated and nostalgic songs ever. This song has a special place in my heart.	love
There is so much I want to say. Keep [NAME] close. Don't judge others. Work in love. Take love there and bring love back.	love
[NAME] met and fell in love with her wines I see.	love
I love this! Thanks for putting a smile on my face this morning.	love
Love [NAME] more.	love
My favorite [NAME] and she was awesome as [NAME]. I also loved her playing the opposite [NAME] to [NAME] in DS9.	love
Eh I kinda won't him less now. I like the chase	love
Unexpected Funhaus?	surprise
Greasy bastards are getting part of what they deserve. Some fines just don’t seem to be enough sometimes	anger
I would be interested in some of this stuff. Would love to see if posted here	love
Omg I love these kinds of dates. Who initiated ??	love
That's pretty subjective tbh. I loved [NAME] VA specially in the angry and intense scenes. [NAME] was pretty good too, but I prefer [NAME].	love
Sad face it is	sadness
...holy crap.	surprise
You will love Happy People! Perfect to watch when you're snowed/iced in.	love
Loved that shithole base! (not being sarcastic)	love
It continually amazes me how many people don't understand this.	surprise
She took the fucking kids, huh?	anger
I um like your username	love
"""Who the fuck reads news *papers* anymore? Baby boomers. This kind of crap is totally written by a """"journalist"""" in need of a safe place."""	anger
This hurts to watch	sadness
After hearing weights drop - I can't imagine they're that good for the floor....	surprise
Stargazing with Vi is definitely my favorite moment of the season so far	love
[RELIGION] is what produces these people, there are plenty of them and a beheading has even occured in the streets of LONDON.	sadness
She must have a very boring life	sadness
Wimbledon’s instagram posted about [NAME] and his relationship with the Open and I ended up crying. Not ready for him to hang it up	sadness
Cancel as soon as you can it’s far more enjoyable!!!!	joy
That sounds like a lovely time :D	love
The fucking worst game in the world.	anger
I would love to find a like minded boyfriend but I given up on that already...	love
I got mine a few months ago and honestly apprehensive to wear it out to a game in fear of staining it.	fear
Cheers, I will do 	joy
I switched to Ally and love it. 2.2% interest is awesome	joy
I love it when cats go all airplane ears	love
Cool have fun	joy
And when the 4th Quarter needed it most, it vanished!	surprise
What have I watched ?! My eyes!!! Mom!!!	surprise
Yeah those glimpses of the person I fell in love with too but unfortunately the glimpses are not enough which hurts :/	sadness
I know she's literally only just been revealed, but I *love* the name [NAME]	love
Pointless but fun	joy
don’t doubt us, we really love [NAME]	love
Wow. So I figure you two are both at least considerably older than me (24) and ...wow his response	surprise
I miss him...	sadness
Dogs are so dumb sometimes but always so good :) I love dem dumb ones	love
"""I don't filter it out because I enjoy my daily cringe from the constant open letters. """"To the ____ who ____"""""""	joy
Happy cake day !	joy
General malaise is a favourite. I get a lot of general malaise.	love
Feeling this so hard right now. Virtual hug.	joy
It still seems dangerous	fear
[NAME] damn it	anger
FUCKING DIN!!!	anger
This genuinely made me angry. He and his sociopath of a wife deserve each other.	anger
I'm working on it. But there is always the fear lurking around....	fear
He happily accepts the hugs. He hugs me now and again. He also has no problem accepting hugs from his mum.	joy
oh my [NAME]	surprise
Wow, I’m going to have to remember this one...	surprise
"""The """"richest"""" country in the worlds royal palace banquet hall filled with cheap mass produced junk food and they love it."""	love
My favourite goes back to one of the first battles ever on YouTube:	joy
shut your deregulating lying mouth bill	anger
But what if that's the only job I would enjoy?	joy
Sad truth is you cant run away from who you are no matter how hard you try :(	sadness
To each their own. I enjoy it for what it is	joy
My parents are going to kill me when they find out.	fear
Yay, cold McDonald's. My favorite.	love
Yeah lets celebrate that only one guy (well maybe put dirk and [NAME] up with him) has come to play.	joy
Luckily he is not.	joy
Outdoor cats have a lifespan of about 5 years so allowing them outside is basically a prolonged death sentence.	sadness
I love Ashtray	love
Tears of happiness rolls down the eyes	joy
This is infuriating but what’s also infuriating is missing all of our chances and players being constantly in offsides positions	anger
Looks like the next level of a horror character	fear
I hate to say this but I love the drama around this all.... idk. My life is boring	anger
I love you tooooo!!	love
"""""""If you don't support no go zones, you are racist!"""""""	anger
I love [NAME].	love
Hooray! ...But I'll still never be able to afford a home.	sadness
Mrs.Frizzle has found herself on hard times.	sadness
You were used as a weapon to inflict pain on your father. Glad you reconnected and found a good parent.	joy
I’m glad you did	joy
Gotta love jetpacking.	love
Like I said, most loved and most hated for now. We'll all get over it eventually. 	love
I'd love to hear a man explain why men do this	love
Grey socks and leather sandals, that hurts me through the screen.	sadness
"""I can hear [NAME] now: """"Why don't I have a mic why don't I have a mic FUCK I need a mic"""""""	anger
For as long as she’s been gone, I’m terrified to think why she was kept alive that long.	fear
Love me some Clash	love
Both consenting adults so nope not creepy	fear
correct me if i’m wrong but when [NAME] eliminates [NAME], she technically has a better track record than [NAME]?? i’ll fucking cry	sadness
Omg the hockey god’s actually helped us !?	surprise
The arch is so cool. I love St Louis	love
I wonder how many tries it took to get the spacing right	surprise
was i replying to you, you fucking degenerate? off yourself ( in game ofc )	anger
Happy cake day!	joy
"""You're saying some surprisingly stupid things for someone named """"[NAME]."""""""	surprise
I love HBK, but he never pulled these crazy spots off.	love
When that intro drops I get so into it and scare my cat	fear
If your dog is an arctic breed they will go crazy with joy and be sad that you don’t share in their happiness for the bitter cold.	joy
Actually I love cooking and good burgers but if I don't love **you**, you'll have to pay me to make one.	love
Mom will get sad. [NAME] still good. Hanging out with friends still good. Money buying foodie exp is still good.	sadness
I love it when people have a background in STEM and the arts and manage to pursue both!	love
What I know is you seem perfectly comfortable being a hypocrite but utterly outraged at the idea of admitting to it.	anger
For the night is dark and full of terrors!	fear
Dont keep your mouth shut.	anger
[NAME] damn what a comeback. I love this teams fight.	love
I love the guy but can't see this working out well. That being said if he plays as the furthest forward of the midfield 3- who knows.	love
This is why I love baseball	love
Such a sad, angry person. Take a break from reddit and go take up cycling or something.	anger
Terrible... children are innocent and precious. This is so barbaric.	anger
This is painfully fake	sadness
I'm sorry OP but this is all on you. Your parents played you like a $4000 fiddle.	sadness
Probably. Government contracts are already terrible as they rarely pay on time	fear
I must be getting old. Much more likely to be horny at 2 pm.	sadness
[NAME] dammit I love wrestling	love
:) i like it	love
Ehhh but as a survivor I hate noed and hex ruin why would I run them against someone else	anger
What an idiot.	anger
This hit way too close to home. I’m suing for emotional damage.	sadness
No need for pity! It was a happy moment. Tears of joy not sadness	joy
Can we ban posts about him now he's a predator? It just makes me sad now, Idk about anyone else	sadness
22 years to the day. It was uncanny.	surprise
the fuck? I would do it in a heart beat. ya'll nuts if you think [NAME] will draft any better than [NAME]	anger
Stop, your hurting me!	anger
Wow, *only* 7 exes. You are definitely FA.	surprise
The truly sad thing is she's getting burned to legitimize Russiagate. It's a shame she wasn't a legit whistleblower.	sadness
I did not know Donuts could be so complicated.	surprise
Sadly, it looks like there are a ton of [NAME] in this sub	sadness
What the hell. Poor [NAME]. Poor you. Wow.	surprise
This is so aesthetically pleasing. Wow. And yum!	surprise
GIVE ME OTHER PEOPLES MONEY!!!!!	anger
No stop. One Red and yellow team had to be sacrificed for the fortunes of the other. I’m sorry	sadness
[NAME] Wednesday’s 😎 Good to know he’s enjoying the retirement life. 	joy
I don’t fucking care	anger
Idk why you're surprised. [NAME] and [NAME] had identical philosophies. It's why the offense didn't change when he came back.	surprise
I have a moronphobia. I'm going to need to ask you to step away as I have an irrational fear and distaste of you.	fear
I met her once and she ended up falling for me.	love
Wow random irrelevant internet person has the secret goods on [NAME]. Maybe we’ll finally get to the bottom of this birth certificate thing...	surprise
WHAT. It says due date 12/31/18. Did she have the kid yet? Oh [NAME] I feel so bad for her and that child...... nooooooo	sadness
* Fuck [NAME] * Yes	anger
I was, and it's not. He's mad that someone posts articles he disagrees with. Pathetic and his fury is deranged 	anger
I actually currently have a girlfriend and I love her. It's just that those past situations gave me trust issues for life I guess.	love
Coming from [NAME] even though it’s a hypothetical question it’s still gotta feel scary	fear
Love it yeet	love
Exactly hate when people try to spit facts when they don’t know if those facts are even right😂😂	anger
I think it's even sadder to go through someone's Reddit account looking for stuff like this to post.	sadness
I don’t think anyone will miss me either aha	sadness
The poor car.	sadness
So happy for you, enjoy 	joy
I love PnR	love
I love polo shirts	love
Wow 😮 you really convinced me... like gtfo here	surprise
I love how someone put a laughing emoji on that.	love
I can’t believe that’s real	surprise
Oi he got stabbed in the eye	sadness
I'm happy however those two don't get a ring. Would be overjoyed if it was at the hands of [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME].	joy
But everybody got mad when Russia recognized [NAME] as US president. Go figure.	anger
This is why I love Reddit.	love
She liked the bumper sticker so much she decided to get it for herself	love
So true it hurts.	sadness
I love snow! It means snow days!	love
this video made me feel like screaming	fear
i didnt realize i was avoiding a question. i am afraid to talk to cops to be honest. even my own mother doesnt know what i saw	fear
She was carrying all my burdens >:((	sadness
How dare u/Reijka92 disrespect [NAME] like that!	anger
I love when the subreddit shows [NAME] some love! We have so many people that keep an ear to the ground for quality [NAME] content.	love
Best! Episode! Ever! There is like a joke every 20 seconds.	joy
Welp these were my happy tears of the days. :’)	joy
I'm tired i'm wasted I LOVE YOU DARLING.	love
If I haven’t told you lately...I love you and you are my hero. ❤️❤️❤️	love
my heart melted omg [NAME]	love
I’m so sorry you are going through this. Sounds like an awful experience.	sadness
Finally, one win for the war on drugs!	joy
Ya got a good life... *ya got a good life...*	joy
Sadly it happens randomly and I wouldn't want to lie to someone for money if the thoughts didn't appear.	sadness
Only thing TO know is that this motherfucker is obviously living his best birdy life and good for him. Fly high little buddy, fly high. 	anger
More like trash ass link. Wtf is “Apple Music”, probably some shitty limewire ripoff.	anger
Ahhhh fond memories	joy
Have to stay positive! I AM getting a new job I love in the field I want to work in!	love
Yes but iy also makes complete sense that morty woild want it gone too, so i hate how he instantly assumes it was rick	anger
Sounds painful man	sadness
my parents got engaged in the courtyard of [NAME] back in the 70s	joy
I remember being three years old and feeling mortified and frustrated that my preschool teacher and classmates were freely dancing to ridiculous music.	sadness
This sub is turning into r/childfree so fast. I actually love kids and want to adopt someday. I want to mod this sub smh	love
I was so scared, I thought the kid was going to backpedal into a street.	fear
I would love if a double amputee walked in and have watched as they decline the poor fellar service	love
Don't call this baby a jerk It just loves its humans too much	love
The frankness of this comment made me giggle	joy
I love this sub so much.	love
I'm sad we have you at home this year. I want to make a trip to see Allianz.	sadness
Turn off your phone, computer or even the internet. It is scary to do but just for now when the urges hits.	fear
I like it	love
This guy fucking gets it.	anger
Look what time it is. It's Fuck You, It's January!	surprise
BREAKING NEWS: The new girl had to shred/chip a 6lb entire chub of Kentucky Gold ham today. Poor girl's arm ached the rest of the day.	sadness
i love casual racism	love
Scotland aren’t the best team to compare against. On their day the could debatably beat NZ on a bad day they lose to America	sadness
Glad to see [NAME] are finally admitting they are babies who are unable to take care of themselves.	joy
MTV loves Indiana	love
Her Twitter checks also clearly a fucking idiot.	anger
So cool! Me and my sissy got the same but on our arms! On twitter!	joy
What the fuckkkkk burn itt	anger
Definitely my favorite reliever after Mo. loved his attitude and competitiveness.	love
I'm so sorry	sadness
Had a stroke reading these.	surprise
Welcome to The World of... Mobile MMOs. Where power can be yours, for a price.	joy
DAMN!!!	anger
And a hell of a lot better receivers. [NAME], [NAME], prime [NAME], [NAME]. 	anger
Oh, sweet. It's the gaming guy who hasn't uploaded any gaming videos yet! /s (I like him and am just poking fun)	joy
This grammar is horrible. Discovering something is a fixed single point in history which should have been simple past “was” instead of “had been.”	fear
> So basically, if you're responsible with guns, you have nothing to worry about. I'm worried about *other people* not being responsible with guns.	fear
I visited NYC 2 summers ago and I have the same exact feeling as you do. Glad you liked the city just as much as I did!	joy
I'm saying put up or shut up. If you can't back up your point with evidence, your opinion is worthless. 	anger
That’s not munchausen. She has a diagnosed illness that’s a terrible, terrible one to suffer from. This is a pretty shitty reply.	fear
I rly like trench coats Not not in that combination tho	love
I enjoy vintage cooking porn. A young [NAME] trussing a round roast, for example. 	joy
So so good	joy
Fuck you I was in the bed:/	anger
because energy drinks are the most fucked up you can get while still being sober	anger
Is that a little poot at :09?	surprise
And also, turning someone's hands into spaghetti is cruel and inhumane and not a reasonable punishment for theft.	anger
This is so true cause I always think “are they just using me for sex?”	sadness
Because idiots in this sub care too much about what other people have on their screen? It only tells me that too many people on here are narcissists.	anger
[NAME] was not childfree. He just honored his wife's (who is childfree) desires because he loved her.	love
That sounds so terrible. I'm very sorry.	sadness
People are gonna end up hating Deus Ex because of this, and that's just a travesty	anger
Fuck your shitty ass title	anger
Because ridiculously attractive people also have self esteem issues and depression Guess what honey The world sucks for everyone There’s no escape We will all die in misery and alone	sadness
I love this man.	love
Possible sad tyre	sadness
[NAME] in Richardson gets my love.	love
felt that so hard too	sadness
Damn this guy just had a bad day!	sadness
did not know she speaks fluent Ukrainian.	surprise
I'm three months old and I love Queen and Metallica, not the crap my generstion listens too.	love
I love it, I understand they can't just get rid of [NAME] for her, but I would be so angry watching [NAME] boss her around.	love
Oh yeah. I love stepping out of the tub and putting my wet foot on COLD TILE. More like thanks I love this	love
Wow so glad [NAME] is getting it done quicker. Better for later in tourney	joy
Definitely the second to be frank. I just wanna get the best deal I can on a car I’m pretty in love with.	love
Fuck that. Anyone who makes a career out of spreading bullshit to morons is worthless trash.	anger
But milk is beta food! Who wants that girly ass shit from a boob? My child will drink bone broth and the tears of broken women!!	anger
Not gonna happen, pure delusion I *aggressively* call this ridiculous bluff	anger
[NAME] [NAME] is like the 72hrs from console of course we like him wtf<3	love
I always wondered why that never happened with the “muscles from Brussels” in any of his movies.	surprise
Stop lying to me	anger
The Button was amazingly fun. By far my favourite reddit memory.	joy
And..the reality of it hurts	sadness
I am so sorry. My kids are the only thing keeping me going. The loneliness is agony.	sadness
Isn't the swastika backwards? I just love how fucking stupid racists are Can't even draw their own shit right	love
oh my gooooood	surprise
Ambien you are my new favortist person ever!	love
Good. Stay the fuck away.	anger
I love /r/LazyMan	love
I miss [NAME]	sadness
Oh really? I didn’t know someone else posted it haha Edit: just looked and someone posted it right after me	surprise
I can't believe he told that story. I'm sure the minister that released the water is now so totally regretting not asking for a bj!	surprise
Stranger things have happened.	surprise
There is a surprisingly large number of [NAME] who play.	surprise
She gets genuinely emotional sometimes too. I love it. So refreshing	love
You. I like you.	love
I enjoyed speaking to [NAME]	joy
I brought my love a cherrrryyyyy....	love
Oh I never knew you could do that	surprise
Heh I love this.	love
Goosebumps had the same take on those too. Those books used to scare the shit out of me	fear
This is a huge stretch, but I would enjoy seeing some tweets from her hubby about it...	joy
Me too! So pumped! Enjoy the game, bud!	joy
:-) Lunch with the wife on a weekday is such a special treat, even when one is under the weather.	joy
I only meant it in kindness, I’ve loved this country so far. You’re all so damned friendly here	love
love you too.	love
Gnarly ballsack is the technical term, I believe. Sadly, it's just a face beard.	sadness
Damn furries. We don't have animal ears!	anger
Wow! You are close to me in age. I would never do that.	surprise
No joke. Physics or chemistry I can see but comp 101? I’m surprised he has the ability to find the internet	surprise
Shh don't spoil it for us	anger
Sometimes you gotta hate living to love life ya feel?	love
What a fucking cunt	anger
For art? I think it's kind of silly, but it's also fun. Let people live :P	joy
Well that was disheartening.	sadness
Omg yes. Could you imagine? Pepperoni rolls, peach schnapps in a mason jar and beer cheese at dinner parties. Love it	love
I’m worried about [NAME] too	fear
Gotta love guarantee. You should come over to amtrak, at most crew bases it only takes two years to hold a job.	love
Stunning considering you have the exact same opinion.	surprise
I watch it because I enjoy it	joy
oh my [NAME] easily one of the worst sounds aaahhhhhh	surprise
Not sensitive, just scared that a sub I enjoy will become divided and will have in-fighting.	joy
My condolences.	sadness
What? They all look entirely different. Yes, they are all handsome, masculine men, but that's it.	surprise
Yeah usually there are the c-1 but this go around this is what was handed. I like them	love
Which is odd, he was terrible on Sunday	fear
But that jumper looks hella cosy	joy
Can you freak bitchhhhh	anger
Fucking happy this jerk is still well and alive.	joy
Well they called and said there was a pricing discrepancy and they could not honor it. 😭 sad day.	sadness
As much as I like [NAME], losing [NAME] still has to hurt. He’s just so damn lovable 	love
I ... I like you	love
Worse. They told us to mind our own business	anger
Didn’t know if you knew, so I was just trying to give context to your statement. Sorry. 	sadness
Oh a cat !	surprise
They've actually gotten a bit worse :D Started with just a dry cough, now it's pain swallowing, stuffed nose, but the cough is now better	sadness
Nah, black bears are big scaredy cats Now brown ones on the other hand...	fear
[NAME] that is frightening...	fear
I love [NAME], he’s literally the craziest couch in the nba lol! He could win couch of the year or be fired next week! 	love
I lovee mazzy star sm, Flowers in December is my favorite song rn	love
Aye but happy cake day mate.	joy
Ahhh [NAME] its in my eye.	fear
no way I have never heard of that! wow!	surprise
Love live [NAME]	love
i had all of those. checked myself with a GP and found out i had low iron, migraines and needed to visit the therapist re my anxiety.	fear
the sky, living a happy and amazing life in the clouds.	joy
I still hate Catcher Eggman!	anger
Completely correct. But he Might have lost control, blown a tire, etc., or maybe just panicked human error. 	fear
Aww so sweet. One of mind fights to lay under mine while it’s in my lap. She loves the heat from it 😂	love
I feel bad for house slaves, even if it's in their understandable self-interest. 	sadness
You have no right to be there waiting to be nudged.	anger
NO I HAVE NOT EVER FIRED MY GUN IN THE AIR AND GONE AAAAGGHHH!	anger
I mean. Wtf is there to do online. GTAO had a shit economy but at least had things to do	anger
I like him a lot but I assume he would be a prime piece in any trade for a LD.	love
And their cats. IT loves kittens.	love
You're a freak, you dirty dog you.	anger
and I love him for that	love
Lmao I feel you.	love
Oh come on! Stop posting this stuff. FFS will you think of my blood pressure!? You’re killing me (figuratively speaking).	anger
I like hearing about these positive encounters.	love
Love seeing the guys have fun.	love
I’m an NA boy and Rival/Dig were my two favorite orgs. Glad to see at least one of them is returning.	joy
With those pieces I’d be surprised 😒	surprise
Well, I'd love to see an MLS side defeat Liverpool like Red Star did in this years Champions League.	love
Yuuuuuuuuuup. It's horrible.	fear
Yep first to go crying to the government but happy to bully single mums on the benefit	joy
OMG, I thought the same	surprise
If I died I've always wondered who will be at my funeral. I imagine only my mom. Maybe one of these days I'll find out.	sadness
Wow, hearing him swear, thats gonna be something 	surprise
Ah yes three of my ~~best friends~~ worst enemies	anger
see im on here having fun meming on all yall basement dwellers, stay salty 	joy
I know, pain in the asses.	sadness
Crush. Big crush. Still have it.	love
Never would have thought about that	surprise
Outraged suburban white moms ranting about stupid things that don’t matter and making ridiculous comparisons are peak humor	anger
Hey I hope you know you’re still important and loved even if you may not feel like it at times. You’ll be okay!	love
You see, when a router and a hard drive love each other very much...	love
Gotta wonder how a fake BC could possibly result from a 'mixup'.	surprise
HAHA so sorry. I've had a very slow day at work. Been hitting F5 repeatedly. Was surprised it wasn't already posted.	surprise
Winning is fun	joy
That was a terrible pass regardless. Wasn’t close	fear
"""""""IT'S GET YOUR GAME ON! SAY IT RIGHT!"""""""	anger
Every point you make is proven wrong lol. Just stop.	anger
Because it was a terrible idea.	fear
Yeah. I killed them both.	anger
i really like that! I'll start using it moving forward =)	love
HEY! NO OC IN r/ComedyCemetery	joy
I enjoyed the effort from your dad so I must downvote but I want the subreddit to see this so I’ll upvote	joy
I like how submissive the coyote is being to this tiny little cat. Like, dude, you could just eat him.	love
I'm so surprised they haven't done it yet tbh!	surprise
Fight me coward! I will never ne frego!	anger
With a lot of severe brain damage after being beat back to life with an ugly stick.	sadness
We did it guys! We’re the real heroes!	joy
Bloody Peasant!	anger
I would’ve LOVED to be a part of something like this as a kid!!	love
Love it when the wife goes lets it go retro. Also love it when she gets that puppy waxed.	love
He already sucks. Let’s just nerf him some more.	anger
Yeah but scary brown people. Ever thought of that libtard? /s ^just ^^in ^^^case	fear
What a terrible list	fear
best: buy flowers because you want to make you SO smile worst: keep going because love is what matters not the issues	love
HOLY MOTHER DUCKER	anger
I wonder if the mapgen portion of the population will die in the first place. Dwarves just waste all their time working on the labyrinth it hits 30.	surprise
Tear all of it down - that place is such a horrific example of trash civil engineering	fear
Sadly the same way know people who know people and being in public. Maybe an online game with chat like league or xbox	sadness
I played for a decade+ on release, I'd be happy to help you or anyone else!	joy
BUT I STILL HAD ALL THEEEEEESE	anger
My favorite gusgasm	love
Yes what the fuck is going on here	anger
RIP. Sad for his family and the bull riding community.	sadness
He's becoming a more subtle [NAME]. I like it	love
I love being a mom. My little is almost 4 weeks old and I feel like I was made for this.	love
[NAME] ignored [NAME] and I loved it	love
Wow! It's dead af here	surprise
I wonder if we will get to actually see the demise of their relationship. I doubt they will do it on the show though.	surprise
It's tasty. Had one on bone marrow once. I've had weirder things before	fear
Damn! A 4-pack! That’s awesome.	joy
Both [NAME] and [NAME] were broken up, so it wasnt cheating.	sadness
They're not. They're rolling super hard. And loving it!	love
I mean you can want a break from something and still enjoy it.	joy
FBI OPEN UP!!!!	anger
yikes, as someone who dislocates things often ([NAME]), this scares me!	fear
Wrong on so many levels. Just sit back and watch it implode. It will hurt at first, but guarantee, you will have the last laugh. 	joy
I wish I could forget. Stop reminding me :(	sadness
I love you [NAME], you is my only friend.	love
Crap company that old folks love cause of the name Only useful benefit is towing	love
You're a horrible person.	fear
It's all out of love... We promise.	love
Yeeesss...... let the anger flow through you...	anger
> The headline writers are misrepresenting her words (second publication I have seen in minutes that has done so). Oh wow I wonder why	surprise
We'll try this... I love you man. Whoever you are I know you're good. Most of us are.	love
I had to mute cause the sound was making me cry.	sadness
I would have tactically thrown dynamite and blown my self up about 2 seconds in.	fear
Royals can be prosecuted. Princess [NAME] was charged under the dangerous dogs act many years back the monarch enjoys sovereign immunity.	joy
I'm scared to do these cuz the S.A.G.E. told me I was a transvestite	fear
Honestly- live your life as a person who can love what others hate- because that’s just a little more joy in your life versus their hate.	joy
Wooah :o Didn't know [NAME] had a son xD	surprise
...oh goddamn it, that's in my sales territory.	surprise
I hate everything about this.	anger
This makes me smile.	joy
The molcajete is my favorite type of Mexican food. I'm not with you on this one.	love
Honestly I wouldn’t mind. Glad he’s still in the NHL. Poor [NAME] was playing in the KHL last I heard.	joy
SHE DESERVES TO BE TRULY HAPPY. LEAVE HER [NAME].	anger
oops, my bad.	sadness
Look I also love dragons, but this is just not a dragon, ok? Have some Toothless *hugs*.	love
Ayee it made it ! Enjoy	joy
I love that I’m smart, but not so smart that I’m socially awkward.	love
Crossposting is a terrific feature on Reddit. I'm happy if someone does it to me because it means more people will read one of my posts.	joy
Wow, didn't expect this thread to get philosophical.	surprise
My girl [NAME]. Love that our names are the same bless	love
I'm nauseous	sadness
I love all the cast in the later seasons, but the [NAME] relationship in seasons 2-4 are prime.	love
Yeah but they actully had/have shit to be mad about. Their board is incapable.	anger
You admit to discrimination based on your personal criteria. Say no more.	anger
Fuck the cubs	anger
I feel like I'm in a yoghurt advertisement announcing how my digestive system is all rejuvenated. Its that wholesome.	joy
Oh my goodness it's like a happy little cloud! What breed is it? Either way, omg enjoy petting that super soft puppy coat for me! 	joy
I hate the marvel stuff. I do love stuff like murder mountain and you. So that’s a hit for me in the last month.	love
I love this so much	love
Oh [NAME], someone did it already, and it was 3 DAYS AGO O.O	surprise
"""""""Sigh"""" I thought you were better than this I thought we were over this but no you just had to do it """"Upvotes angrily"""""""	anger
Yes I really miss his streams...the ONLY reason I chose adc as my main role was because of how chill chaox was.	sadness
I hope [NAME] does get a new devil trigger. I’m sorry but seeing the same one repeatedly has gotten old.	sadness
Ah well I still feel a bit bad for the parrot but at least he won‘t be harmed :)	sadness
Cuddling. God damn is it comforting to just snuggle up in my girlfriend's arms and sit there for a while	love
[NAME] has broken his brain so bad he’s turning [NAME] into [NAME]	sadness
Are you really Belgian cause I love it	love
I do like how he instantly turns to the pilot. Like, dude, turn around, I dropped my phone!	love
Hipsters love tapes tho.	love
Serving us Ornacia!!! Honestly though I love this look!	love
The internet never ceases to surprise	surprise
wat u fecker	anger
I should say to you that it's ok but at the cancer thing my mind changed Asshole, also get help	anger
I was never a [NAME] guy, though he was CERTAINLY my 2nd choice. But I deeply love and empathize with this... 	love
This is a really lovely ends to a crappy means. I’m glad you enjoyed yourself and got something out of it.	joy
The possibilities are fascinating. In other times, I'd be enjoying watching the lawyers argue...!	joy
This is my bestie's favorite song.	love
Removed and warned. R1	anger
Now that you're saying it, it actually makes sense. I'll be really hurt, but if she makes him happy I can't stop him.	joy
But I love solids	love
For crying out loud, all they had to do was use the smegging wipers!	sadness
Pretty terrifying. Imagine if you went on a school trip, did nothing, and came home to this.	fear
I love how sly you are being	love
Same thing happened to me last year ended horribly	fear
So many? I’d be amazed if it was more than 0.1% of active players at any time	surprise
I love how he does the [NAME] shirt-pull because he is captain.	love
Even after achieving 100% in this game, his performance still amazes me.	surprise
I still like beer.	love
I wonder if the school closures with MLK holiday reduce the priority to plow ...	surprise
Females living on Recruit difficulty. Smh	sadness
Oh my [NAME] stop	surprise
Too bad =(	sadness
[NAME]. I love that this is the top comment.	love
Nice-full circle! Leaving [NAME] for dust- I love it.	joy
cheers to everyone who voted for me; i love all you guys!! here's to another great year of memes and laughs!	love
I was surprised to see [NAME] towing the line on his show.	surprise
I amlooking to adopt from there! This makes me happy!	joy
Okay, that was actually shocking.	surprise
happy early birthday OP! have fun !	joy
Omg it’s like you’re taking the words from my mind.	surprise
I wouldn't be surprised if their confidence is so shot that they lose this control and lose 3-0	surprise
I'm so delighted that my boyfriend has found this community.	joy
I love your your moment, too many favs I but first that comes to mind is [NAME] finally suits up as [NAME] 	love
I'd love for some kind of throwback jersey game with [NAME] wearing the old-style goalie cage mask ala [NAME].	love
i mean i hate these takes that because we turned the ball over 26 times, the rotations werent a problem. They clearly were	anger
lol..You're not getting [NAME] or any of the young core..	joy
They laughed in our faces for a decade. Not to mention they were actually cheating (bountygate).	joy
fuck the caps!	anger
My 1 year old ate TWENTY TWO broccoli tots for lunch. And he still wanted a cookie afterwards. Like...what?!	surprise
Real class A asshole there	anger
Absolutely love this song, up there as one of my favorite fav frank songs	love
Ah, alt right thinking. Afraid of people who have anything 'upstairs,' or 'between their ears.'	fear
Yea but I hate existing, it’s nothing but sadness 	sadness
I loved [NAME]. He didn't seem evil at all!	love
The title made me laugh so much after reading this. Glad things are going great with your wife. Many more happy years to you three (:	joy
I wouldn’t expect anything less than those deplorable traitorous trumptards.	anger
No telling I know is not eat it, I like eggs and I like cottage cheese but yuck no they can’t touch!	love
His! Watch out! That cars coming straight for you! Omg guys she’s arguing with ferrah, she can’t hear us help!	surprise
"""This feels more like """"Lofi Rock"""" if that exists, or even Jazz. Very interesting."""	joy
This post fucking sucks because it doesn't cater to my beliefs.	anger
First of all how DARE you plague this country with your USELESSNESS you degenerate smh	anger
[NAME] IS SO HAPPY AND SO AM I!! Edit: [NAME] I see you, relax	joy
Ew yes I’m glad you brought that up.	joy
>So that was a **fucking** lie. FTFY.	anger
"""""""Oh, how DARE you discuss the disgustingly unhealthy and dangerous lifestyle I pursue!"""" /s"""	anger
I love that you know this tidbit!	love
I'm not sure these guys are wingers, but other than that, I'm very happy so far	joy
No problem. Glad you were able to take something away from that.	joy
I cried more here than in Star Wars.	sadness
I was just in shock when she answered the door for devoin.	surprise
Super Bowls are overrated anyways. s. I'm more angry about back-to-back seasons ending on a fade to Crabtree in the endzone.	anger
Get in touch with a lawyer. No one in Reddit can answer this. Throwing her out really would be better.	anger
I’m so glad I have my own car	joy
Doordash pays less than minimum wage, no money even to buy cheesecake from the cheesecake factory after paying rent and Bills 😥	sadness
Really takes ya by surprise anyway though, huh?	surprise
[NAME] is on fire!!!	anger
Men, you're ought to love the first hour in hospital of a new father. They're a merge of emotions that flow over the ER.	love
fuck lacy evens, she has not been impressive at all	anger
DWIGHT, NEVER YELL AT THE CUSTOMERS	anger
... and no one seemed to care Except that lonely woman with white hair	sadness
shut up, [NAME]!	anger
I've said it before, but yuck, kissing that bloody mouth... Watch out, [NAME], you don't know where that's been.	anger
Married to the love of my life. LOL	love
If you really think a horror movie needs jump scares then I feel bad for you son.	sadness
You forgot [NAME] and [NAME] as [NAME] and [NAME] in the 2003 *Battlestar Galactica*, which was spectacular. 	surprise
loving the salah hate	love
I always flew out from Edinburgh. First time flying out from Glasgow and I was shocked at how small and... dingy it felt in comparison.	surprise
That damn FDR who America loved so much they had to write an amendment to the Constitution to keep anyone else from being elected that many times	anger
Now THIS IS shitposting	anger
I like both.	love
Yeaaahhh... *blushes*	joy
Honestly if I didn't have this many favorite characters not yet in the game, I would probably waste my 7 votes on Merlinus.	love
Ooh, that's interesting info actually (*heads to capfriendly to check how many years until [NAME] is a UFA*)	joy
I got $10 on Anzac Day as the guy won money and 2 x $5 tips that’s all.	joy
The shipping container are my friends, damnit	anger
You poor poor fellow	sadness
[NAME] has gotta he replaced or that was just terrible writing	fear
If you’re going to be a psycho you might as well smile and make it look like you’re a happy one.	joy
"""When it gushed out I caught myself saying """"ooof"""" out loud"""	surprise
No worries. Glad you like it	joy
Man, I would cry tears of joy if my two-year-old cousin could just say my name, let alone say a coherent sentence.	joy
it looks like she took it in a totally different direction which i’m loving	love
He hates the Falcon because his dad would leave him all the time on it as a kid	anger
omg pizza time with junko time	surprise
I'm honestly surprised you haven't been banned yet.	surprise
I love it. Probably my favorite game mode right now. Especially when playing with a buddy.	love
Wall St is scared of the 2020 Democratic primary.. Good!	fear
And you don't take delight in seeing the person you love in pain. Amen my dear!	love
This is my favorite wild memory	joy
Love it.	love
Love [NAME]! MAGA and [NAME]! [NAME]! But this is not helping....	love
I liked the charlie one more.	love
a partner of mine made it -- it's just about my favorite meme ever	joy
You are grieving a hard loss, and might benefit from some grief therapy.	sadness
Hey cool! I'm a cow. I love milk. Drink a litre a day at least. Love me some moo juice.	love
Oh damn, it’s gonna hunt me down. 	anger
I love that ammunition. I want to make 200 of them, but I think you may be limited?	love
This is awful and borderline abuse. I can't imagine thinking that's even slightly okay	sadness
Sorry. Bad day.	sadness
"""THE IMAGE ASKS """"WOULD YOU VIOLENCE THIS BABY IF BABY WORE HAT"""" THE ANSWER IS """"NEH"""""""	anger
That's the reason I am terrified to wear contacts on duty. I'm afraid it'll get stuck between my contacts and eyes and destroy my pupils.	fear
I wonder why you're sitting at -2 for that comment. Very strange.	surprise
This mode is dead. Sorry :/	sadness
this is a thing? oh no	surprise
WE LIKE SPORTZ AND WE DON’T CARE WHO KNOWS	love
Weather forecast for Minnesota area. Wednesday -15 to -33. Sunday 43 to 29 and rain. What the fuck?	anger
I would love to be woken up by that	love
He can’t do that! Shoot him, or something!	anger
Watch your back u/Youareapooptard, [NAME] might hunt you down and burn you alive for that relatively minor insult	anger
okay, enjoy living in ignorance and hatred	joy
They're so scared	fear
Oh man. Hardest lesson for me to learn as a new dm was that even with experienced players, combat with 7 PCs is brutally time consuming 	anger
I love those moments	love
There’s a special place in hell for u	anger
McDonalds without sauce is just sad... you take away my garlic mayo and my barbecue sauce and you take away my soul	sadness
I’m thinking it’s from when she was abused when she was pregnant and lost the baby.	sadness
They’re so angry!	anger
I can feel that man's feelings and I'm crying	sadness
I took a picture of a farmer treating his crops with roundup yesterday.. it was horrifying	fear
kill me. lifes meaningless bc of this	sadness
I really felt for this mother. You could tell how frustrated and exasperated she was. Glad she was there to stand up for her kids.	sadness
Victimless crime? Fuck you! Sounds like your unrepentant for being a crippling alchoholic.	anger
Saw that on Scrubs, love that show.	love
Some people enjoy their music and their fans for the sake of others opinions.	joy
I love you	love
They just shot up a mall. They’re complete fucking idiots.	anger
Every time I see this it makes me so happy.	joy
I hate that myself	anger
It was weird indeed, but I liked it too! (Maybe because I’m a musicals geek).	love
Imagine being born in 1987 and not having been invited to a party since your friend's birthday party in 1999 though :(	sadness
I'm not your buddy, friend. Btw, enjoy the rumble you nice dude. 	joy
All that interesting information and you get 3 upvotes , feels bad man 	sadness
I have trouble even remembering what true happiness feels like	sadness
I hate that you've forced me to deal with a reality I've been blissfully ignoring.	anger
Tell that to r/Polygrumps (very *VERY* NSFW) dude. They scare me more than this sub.	fear
I’m that skinny and have so much trouble gaining weight	sadness
Ok cheers. I’m banned from there	joy
If you had to think of a way to survive this how the hell would you. Damn	anger
I absolutely love how you can't read what's in yellow somehow it perfects this cringe	love
Wow, time to talk to the [NAME] about a FPTP alternative.	surprise
[NAME] done fucked up.	anger
I liked the slug :(	love
You shut your mouth. shut it right now. *sobbing uncontrollably*	anger
I’d love that luxury of time.	love
I love the enthusiasm inherent in the scream. I never saw anything wrong with it. Not to mention the most innocent, innocuous dancing video ever.	love
I kiss the shade all dude. His username was trewdat. I miss that guy.	sadness
Try reading up. Not going to play these stupid games with a butt hurt Meltzer fan boy.	anger
Love the way his body just folds after the final smack on his head *oof*	love
This helped me when I was in my worst mental state. I'm glad	joy
Being so gullible is the frightening part. durr da durr he downvote me	fear
Baby mama was a comedy about this- but with a much happier ending	joy
[NAME] what an asshole.	anger
I would be unfulfilled and unhappy. I enjoy meat, thankfully I own my own plot of land and can hunt on it at will.	joy
I watched a really bad horror movie she starred in but I think it predated VPR.	fear
No hate TGR I love you	love
Wow I didn't know it changed your face so it doesn't break rule 1 and 2? /s	surprise
im in love with this comment	love
I love you and your love for your dogs. You matter, and I hope that you're able to access and find treatment to improve your life.	love
genuinely surprised me, 0	surprise
I did not downvote Mate :) In fact I just gave you two upvotes :) Cheers :)	joy
I'm very glad too. She has been with me for twenty years now, so basically all my life.	joy
Keep spreading the word fellas. Wishing you all a great 2019, love you guys and the whole community.	joy
Why am I gonna do? Stop the ant? I’m scared of him too	fear
I’m so sorry to hear that! 😂😂😂	sadness
You are saying toxic people try to be the victim by calling you toxic.	anger
I perform nostril waxing. It is surprising hardly painful at all. Feels so much better too!	surprise
Easy, stop men from fucking them. Cant be a slut if no one fucking ya right?	anger
[NAME] was a pleasant surprise. It might be something you'll enjoy.	surprise
My fav time to walk around the city. Everything looks nicer to me.	love
I don't think pairing [NAME] and [NAME] again is that bad an idea. Also love the [NAME] idea.	love
Breaking news, husband borrows wife's car and should lose their job because of this	surprise
Wow, that was insane	surprise
I was scared of my room and even when I fell asleep in my bed I would sleep walk into my mom's room	fear
Oh [NAME]. someone finally posted something I can't bring myself to finish reading, it's too much	surprise
Sexual frustration.	anger
YES FUCK THE LEAFS. MAY THEY CONTINUE TO CHOKE IN THE POST SEASON.	anger
omg i cant believe that nifty is still a thing	surprise
Yet I still feel lonely doing it...	sadness
Glad you got to see a good one!	joy
Please don’t murder me	fear
I tried doing this for my son but he was afraid of it.	fear
Imagine making a homophobic joke when your name is /u/Lebronlover23 OOF.	joy
“I genuinely don’t want to lose you I love having you there for me” says it all really	love
That is incredibly disheartening.	sadness
Seattle has both, and is building a huge extension to the existing light rail system. Traffic is still absolutely fucked.	anger
No she does not, not alone and not during sex(sadly) 	sadness
Im glad you took that step. Sometimes its really hard making that decision, but im glad you didnt force yourself to be miserable	joy
"""I figured this story would end with her screaming, """"I DON'T CARE WHO YOU ARE... THIS IS A CAR.. TAKE ME HOME!!!"""""""	anger
French fried when he should have pizza'd and had a bad time.	sadness
I really enjoy my job but I get paid $62k I don't know if that's considered high paying but it's plenty for me.	joy
Surprised they aren't already doing this kind of stuff for Zion.	surprise
I love this idea	love
This is horrific	fear
I got to see some fish at a science museum not long ago and it really brightened my day, too.	joy
So many of Pokimane’s fans are creepy 30+ year olds. I feel so bad for her.	sadness
I would love to see an [NAME] cosplay!	love
I love my audio technica AR3BT	love
Kill him the sinner	anger
[NAME] shitting the bed like a 4 year old with diarrhea	fear
Omg I’d happily live in Cape Town instead of the US!! It’s literally one of my favorite cities on earth!!	joy
Sad/Sweet for her to put in the effort to fake it!	sadness
If it's not too late, I'd love to have one of the binders!	love
I like your style.	love
Icing on a cake of sadness.	sadness
Yes. He was. Fuck off with your bullshit double standards.	anger
Holy shit.	anger
This meme describes how I feel about 2018 pretty accurately. Cheers to a golden 2019!	joy
It’s sad that some parents can’t accept some simple mistakes.	sadness
I'm scared that they would turn out like me, even if I tried really hard to make them nice. 	fear
$100 says your boyfriend is miserable.	sadness
Don't do that i think its dangerous	fear
this is so sad Alexa play despacito	sadness
For the love of [NAME] do not ever link that again	love
Sir that is a popular opinion. I'm too afraid of what sort of trade will happen to want one.	fear
I’m surprised it was uploaded today, especially since he uploaded a video just a few hours ago	surprise
Damn it.	anger
I actually enjoy watching this while eating	joy
But the alt right love him! /s	love
I miss SFist's Apartment Sadness column.	sadness
Burn it! er uh give it to your priest to burn it!	anger
How dare you disrespect [NAME].	anger
ah, ok! i'm afraid i do, i just didn't realise that's what it meant (so old i am going stupid....)	fear
"""Or more aptly """"OHHHHH FUUUUUuuuck"""" As you see me run away."""	anger
stop hurting my feelings	sadness
Theres the link I use you stupid fuck get the fuck off my post you fucking shill	anger
I know they're probobly not good but I love charged hadoken into vskill combos/mixups. It makes her fireball more interesting than just a zoning tool.	love
Yeah that’s a bit odd, wouldn’t be surprised to see that change come gametime unless [NAME] is shook or something.	surprise
I'm painfully aware of that having bought a FreeSync monitor with my Nvidia graphics card.	sadness
I actually kinda like this bug because I like to get trippy	love
I hated him too, just keep watching. Every character has their own personal journey which is such an admirable aspect of this show.	anger
OH [NAME] I CAN'T TELL ANYMORE!	anger
Surprising you choose to believe things that aren’t true 🤔	surprise
[NAME] is a madman and I love it.	love
I’m wondering the same; something seems weird about that interpretation of the law	surprise
Withdrawal, psychic-shattering, and other activist groups, the principle is very sad.	sadness
I'm terrible sorry, /u/bookluvr83, but I'm afraid I must join up with the giving-you-crap-for-not-liking-brownies bandwagon. ^kidding ^^^kinda	fear
Yeah its too bad that there was someone at a university who wanted to research this and he got shut down.	sadness
Reality is often disappointing	sadness
Do you fucken mind	anger
I'm glad to see I'm not the only one who snorted at it!	joy
That sounds a little paranoid	fear
He was cut yesterday, unfortunately	sadness
I also love this decline in bch prices. Cheers.	joy
that day humanity received a grim reminder	fear
happy to help	joy
"""""""Didn't know you can predict the future"""""""	surprise
I always loved fighting [NAME] in Arkham Origins, he was really fun to fight, I’m still mad they did him dirty in Arkham Knight	love
So can relate. Hot to the point I hated feeling good because it wouldn't last. Might as well enjoy the moment!	joy
Nope. Sadly early 30s	sadness
3h late comment. have fun at school !	joy
Nah, you’re pretty fucked given the amount of weed you smoke and the fact you’re planning on finishing your 1.5 grams before the test.	anger
True! Remember the geocentric universe? Oh man, they even put [NAME] in jail. What a hoot!	surprise
No, YOU’RE crying!!!!	sadness
Happy cake day man	joy
Leave me alone :(	sadness
[NAME]! You made me the happiest girl that could eva be!	joy
Always down for some Liverpool love	love
This comment is fucking cringey lol why the fuck do you talk like that	anger
"""Oh, the """"Thomas the nuclear bomb""""? That scarred me."""	fear
I'm glad I decided to watch this. Intense, entertaining football with an expert demonstration of how-not-to-use-VAR thrown in for free.	joy
Day one of new job official duties on the books. I survived! One day down, 35 years to go... :]	joy
More like 11 feet up, but still painful. 	sadness
Woah... I'm shortsighted and I can get 2 pairs of glasses for €149. $500 is insane!	sadness
Love it.	love
Surprised there isn’t more of this lol	surprise
Well, I bought cheese when I went, and was shocked at the great variety and lower prices. That probably skewed my view.	surprise
Oh to find someone who loves you enough to put a blanket over you when you’re sleepy. That’s the dream.	love
I can barely remember when it was even possible to find shit that horrible	anger
I love it. I love those melts they do that are croissants inside out and toasted	love
Me, it's too cute for words.	love
Also the reason for last year, playing him as a cb was necessary but proven to be a terrible position to be in.	fear
>[NAME] One of the most horrifying stories I've ever heard of: the mom should be in psychiatric care and the doctor thrown in jail IMO.	fear
Sadly this story has died down why is he bringing it back up. Just let it die.	sadness
YEAH, YOU MOTHERFUCKER	anger
What the fuck is that horrifying picture	fear
[NAME] and [NAME] for [NAME] then sign [NAME] afraid this battle station is fully operational	fear
"""Except for """"fighting liberalism"""". Happy cake day."""	joy
...i love [NAME] for what she did/does for her [NAME]. ...also, would like to see some of the work that comes out of the collective	love
Aha! This is my fear, that the gloss over key elements because they want to target a wider audience!	fear
Yep. Seriously painful to read	sadness
Shithole universe i mean.	anger
And I'm loving it. It's driving the chuds mad.	love
if we follow this pannel she is non existent and you are just allucinating, im sorry to bring the sad news 	sadness
That's sad. You can be acquaintances with women. Not like you are driving them to the nail salon or something .	sadness
Love it!	love
Happy's not a vehicle!!! He's my friend!!!	love
"""""""Keep blowin'! Love always, [NAME]."""""""	love
It’s fine. Baby boomers are always angry	anger
Oh I missed that part. So the cheeky poster was referring to that crash. ;0	surprise
Original with sound. I love the moms commentary	love
That's totally my focus for today, just enjoy the day and being there for myself :) it's so liberating.	joy
Love the view. I would love to drink rum with a view like that. Have fun!	love
Say it louder! I'm sick of these leeches, too.	sadness
Ooooof, that’s annoying. I’m sorry.	sadness
Someone tell me why they are out passing us they taking the game to us when we should be controlling the tempo of the ball to keep the lead.	anger
So, [NAME] and [NAME] are over? Have to wonder why he thought marrying a 19 year old was the best thing to do!	surprise
Well I'm glad the whole coffee vs beer exchange was the most accurate part of the episode. When it comes to accents, anyway...	joy
Going to get hard for everyone after brexit	sadness
He is warped by porn. He's got a problem	sadness
Old people sure do love their cable news history	love
One of my favorite porn sites ever. If you're looking for good incest porn, it's the place to go.	love
I would love it as long as the art style was mature and well done	love
dude, thats grave danger for sure. thats terrifying. he was a predator for young men interested in sports cars. luring in for diabolic purposes!!	fear
> 333 Brothers and sisters are here now So much cringe.	fear
That looks like before Fox even owned it, I was surprised to see it's almost been 30 years	surprise
I'm just happy anybody's talking to me. I'll listen again :-)	joy
This is why I love people posting pics in the LA sub, because I see perspectives of LA that I would never see otherwise. Love this pic	love
Those women are the worst.	anger
Or maybe he does, and that’s why he scared of people thinking that; he’s afraid of people finding them out.	fear
That's my wife ❤	love
22 points in 41 games with a pretty shitty Utica squad, first full year in NA... yeah I don’t want another Dahlen debacle 	anger
"""My daughter loves this! She's taking a bath rn singing """"fiire"""""""	love
My kids (and yes, I as well) love [NAME] metal version.	love
I love this! And I find myself thinking the exact same things. Soon...	love
I died a little inside watching all of that champagne go to waste.	sadness
Holy shit I think I see cheekbones.	surprise
This is one of my favorite of [NAME] songs although all of them are really good. Either beautiful of funny all of them	love
If someone has tithed 10% their entire life, fuck off with requests like this.	anger
Maybe one day we will be able to see that process. I wish. I love my pets so much 😍	love
Damn that’s a big F from me :(	anger
Bruh, fake music was the fucking best, wish we could go back.	joy
FaceTime with wifey!! Happy anniversary!	joy
Stick around! Would love your input / POV!	love
I love PragerU r/pragerurine	love
OH [NAME] THAT'S TERRIFYING SOMEBODY SAVE US ^/s	fear
The only thing keeping me warm in this subzero temperature is my fucking hate for [NAME].	anger
I'm very sorry for u, they should treat you like royalty not a fleshlight	sadness
I like [NAME] better	love
Would love to own a deck like this 😍	love
"""That """"Hard work"""" usually involved the junkrat pressing Q so I'm not about to shed tears"""	sadness
[NAME] I hate Twitter	anger
I'm not really interested in collecting them but I do enjoy watching videos of people who restore old hotwheels.	joy
Fuck her... don’t live to make your parents happy	anger
I've always hated the 610/45 interchange. Everyone slows to a crawl when there is no need to slow down.	anger
Yup. I’m assuming cause it’s live crawfish and early in the season? Idk. I love crawfish cafe but not for that price.	love
Fuck your husband	anger
It's harder to find a decent picture of him	sadness
That would be really rough. However she is so incompetent I wouldn’t be surprised if she self immolates	sadness
[NAME] just ripped his jersey. He’s frustrated as hell right now	anger
Gratzy-Gratzy. You have a brought a great joy to this old Italian stereotype.	joy
Desperation is unattractive, stop being so desperate. Love yourself before you can love someone else.	love
Exactly, or they thought he was saying it jokingly. The delusion these men live with continues to amaze me	surprise
I can’t translate /s to Texan speak well and forgot so my apologies y’all :)	sadness
Occupation badges are dumb and I’m sad they made the transition to OCP.	sadness
unrealistic, the little fuck didn't taunt post-kill	anger
one of my all time favorite episodes i even love the closing animation of them crossing the bridge out of the	love
I wish you with all my heart to find a woman that will love you so much that will get you a bj bell.	love
It's weird. You might be right to worry.	fear
I literally, like, hate people like that.	anger
Don't judge our love	anger
Yes,on top of that feel like vomitting,can't breathe and thinking I will faint.	fear
Not only does the overbooking hurt the customers financials and time, but violations like this one put lives in danger.	sadness
My childhood horse died due to twisted intestines. Very traumatizing, since he crawled over and put his head in my lap at the end.	sadness
Wasn’t there a video of the exact same dude kicking down a fucking tree????	anger
I'm glad you liked it :D	joy
Me and friends just got Vermintide 2, and it isn't an MMO but it solves a lot of MMO problems we had. Quite fun so far.	joy
This is cursed	anger
Sad but true	sadness
I'm scared for her. The Saudi government has proven to be very brazen in its disrespect for international law.	fear
Oh that’s so sad that she thinks anyone cares about her opinion	sadness
Oops! The bottle was so oily it slipped outta my hand and into the trash!	sadness
That's why everyone loves you, you're a joke club. 	love
I'm shocked, shocked, to find that redditors don't read sources and stay with the info they get from the misleading titles. 	surprise
You just made me so happy.	joy
Love the idea for the [NAME] skin but I think it might be too hard :/	love
My favorite thing about this is that OP doesn’t clarify which item he’s so excited about.	love
My two favorite channels are Inner Integration and From Surviving to Thriving. Both have many videos, and they really get it.	love
The level of denial the top boys reached was astonishing.	surprise
I'm still a little surprised at how god awful that defense was. The Bengals definitely have some talent to work with.	surprise
Wow. AP should find that video and flag whoever did that...deep, scary issues at play	fear
I felt a great disturbance in the Force, as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror and were suddenly silenced.	fear
I like [NAME]. Sue me.	love
I like how she calls him racist, when he didn’t actually say anything racist.	love
I picked up some sea pods the other day for like $8 us online and I love them, zero leaks and great flavour!	love
You look like a failed attempt to gene splice [NAME] and [NAME] DNA	sadness
Love it.	love
“Enjoy your dinner”	joy
And then you got a little vacation from work too! :D	joy
Wow City all of a sudden not so invincible anymore, have as many defeats as us now...	surprise
Happy for you!	joy
I love how the dog is just happy the cat is giving him attention.	joy
I love that your drinking that out a tumbler	love
It does infuriate me.	anger
DELETE THAT SCREEN SHOT! NOW!!!	anger
OMG I looked at this they're coming I can hear the boots.	surprise
Wow. As much as I like pizza I would get sick of it if I were to eat it every single day.	surprise
How dare the russian government expose the DNC and its corrupt behavior!!!!!	anger
*The Daily Wire.* Lol.	joy
Many of them do love LEGAL ones.	love
"""""""Yeah look"""" like a toddler being surprised by his own genitals"""	surprise
I feel bad for these guys. I'd like to be able to help ex-mos in trouble.	sadness
She looks so FIERCE. I love it.	love
I literally point out the same thing (along with everyone in the YouTube comments) and get downvoted to oblivion. Love it.	love
Not gonna lie, I LOVE pneumatic tubes. This is now my next vacation plan.	love
You’re a women hating racist. That’s what you are. Stop talking shite and trying to pretend otherwise	anger
I love everything I have ever made in mine, but recently it's mostly used to hard boil eggs.	love
I'm surprised [NAME] hasn't had a chance to be called up	surprise
Boston Children’s Hospital has these!!! Love it!	love
It’s one of my worst nightmares to have skin like that...I hope that person gets actual help	sadness
Hey guys. Just made some dinner. Came to see the game and check ohhhhh my god.	surprise
NOO HES SO ANGRY	anger
A surprise, but a welcome one	surprise
I’d love for [NAME] to turn into prime [NAME]	love
No, no. I love the ones where patients succeed. It’s not that. It just seemed like everyone phoned it in this time. 	love
Poor fish :(	sadness
All good brother	joy
Just remember I love you	love
Just for recreational use? Glad you are having a change of mind though	joy
Ngl the entire first order feels like a joke...	joy
Wow. You basically found my dream woman and gave her up.	surprise
You know I’m sad the [NAME] hype is over because I actually think he’s been really good for us overall. I still trust him.	sadness
When the gov shut down under [NAME] many were calling for his resignation. This is similar, but people already hate [NAME] so obviously people are more angry.	anger
That is so creepy and scary. Imagine if he really was a Dr, and the only one available in your hmo.	fear
You gotta love the process.	love
I love him!	love
I like how this story's problem is literally the opposite of the next oldest post on this subreddit	love
I’d be afraid to get high after that yo	fear
This is a person who has clearly danced a lot, I wonder what happened 	surprise
>How do you know I didn't Because you posted this dumbass post. And only someone who didn't would say that	anger
love that yawn	love
ooh man I miss OutKast. brings me back to my childhood	sadness
[NAME] and [NAME], are hands down my favourite AC characters.	love
I was assaulted by my father once too. Please don’t hate yourself, it was not your fault. It was his doing. 	sadness
wtf i hate [NAME] now	anger
[NAME]. And I’m not even trolling. I seriously love him.	love
> super model strange Oh man	surprise
Only issue I have is that tiramisu is a beautifully layered cake and all of that is hidden by the container	anger
I like how they roll	joy
You cant.Its the idiot civilian drivers fault for probably just staying behind him like a zombie. Unless they come out with heated trailers soon.	anger
Ah ha!	surprise
This subs favorite game.	love
All the centrist liberals in the comments are furious...	anger
Right... so true. I’m sorry you’re going through this too.	sadness
[NAME] is going to love her!	love
Fuck no i wanna kill the living shit out of [NAME]	anger
Poor lady, she was the mother of a friend of my wife, and she went to school with my father in law :(	sadness
Which sucks, because it's a *bitch* to find replacements for those.	anger
I love him even though the newest season of t@gged kinda sucked.	love
I'm sorry that happened. Was her hospice nurse aware that she was suffering?	sadness
No, this is not polyamory. It's assholery.	anger
To be honest I miss the deep bomb on 3rd and 2. Watching the Browns game reminded me how I always love when it worked.	love
**<3 I Love You <3** Welcome Home !!	love
Shut up, don’t block the sanctimony train.	anger
I haven’t seen this format before. And I don’t even know if it’s original. But I like it.	love
I’m sorry. Your city blows.	sadness
That’s awesome man!	joy
Meh, the liga that we all knew and loved went away when [NAME] fled to Italy	sadness
Who the hell has reddit in anything other than dark mode ??	anger
People who WANT a border wall: idiots, racists.	anger
that's horrifying	fear
Poor wee thing is probably terrified somewhere.	fear
You're just lonely, dude. Don't mix that feeling with love.	sadness
I can’t tell who’s wooshing who but I’m afraid to ask by this point	fear
Actually pretty surprised that they made it fit as well as this.	surprise
Ok but it's pretty cute too	love
I am pleased to report that my 5 win streak was broken.	sadness
Man I love that flair.	love
[NAME] is a moron. Why take the ball away from your best player and give arguably the best RB in the nation the chance to run it out.	anger
Me too. I have so much shit and I can’t imagine taking any of it into my car and piling it that high. Wtf?	anger
it’s what i would have wanted if i was a parent so yeah i’m glad i did something	joy
But then you regret it because you realize you secretly liked the attention. Just bottom things.	sadness
Happy cake day brother!	joy
I am serious, and don't call me [NAME].	anger
i used to do this a lot when i was younger lmao glad to see my vision wasnt just mine	joy
Shit he gets too close to a girl and she's liable to hit him with roach spray.	anger
Boston sports doesn’t deserve anymore titles, fuck the pats	anger
You will also be removed from a jury if you utter anything about it.	anger
Oh go fuck yourself with your BS generalization.	anger
Most likely shock that had him so comatose.	surprise
I love that	love
I'm a danger to myself	sadness
I’ll miss you, [NAME] Today is a sad day for our high sock loving brethren [NAME]	sadness
It's sad, but yes, zero. 	sadness
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **5th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)	joy
In reality the kid said: “fuck off noob, Genji grandmaster main here boiii”	anger
Wow 40 years at 18 wow how unfortunate.	surprise
I like the energy [NAME], [NAME], DFS put out.	love
"""Knew [NAME] would go for it. Again, love that fake-worry shade he throws. Just add """"biting nails"""" and he could star in movies!"""	love
That's true, and I love pitbulls, but a poorly-trained Chihuahua isn't going to rip your face off, nor are they naturally disposed to aggression. 	love
bahaha! Love it! These additions are pretty *sweet*! Glucose Guardian has the best ring to it though! 💲💸	love
>For those of us who stay, there may be more unhappiness than happiness. Probably the saddest thing I ever heard. 	sadness
I don't care for [NAME] but I still love this. Like it or not, he represents us.	love
How about breaking into tears whenever one of your friends tells you they trust you because you never understood what trust meant	sadness
"""""""We should be happy that we moved from 4th to 5th"""""""	joy
It really is. I didn't know a thing about the feud and it caught me off guard how brutal it was. Enjoyed it a lot though.	joy
[NAME]. When my ex and I discussed baby names, I feel in love with this combo	love
I'd love to hear the theme in the style of [NAME] or the Rolling Stones	love
No. I wishm Why did I stop? Kids work and money. Not a minute to myself	surprise
This, be yourself she likes you for who you are.	love
Very scary.	fear
Could also be an overwhelming guilt in the heat of the moment. Probably hard to stay rational when you realize you've killed your own friend on accident.	sadness
Would love it if [NAME] showed up as church lady and played a solo on it.	love
> Men are. Women are. People are. > > Soon. I love you	love
Wait there are more psychopaths in this world than are diagnosed? Color me shocked	surprise
It's kinda sad knowing that ibises are only scavenging our bins & rubbish due to their natural habitats drying out.	sadness
I prefer console and most of my friends play cod. I still enjoy gbs every year	joy
I'm so happy that this worked for you! Go forth, and have unashamed sex in my honour.	joy
“I love food! Or “I’m a foodie!”	love
Today on someone flamed me in chat	anger
Many great years in these jerseys, would love to see them come back as our 3rds with the 1970s originals for the 50th Anniversary season	love
fucking melb transport. I knew it would go to shit today because of the heat wave, and it did. the only bad thing about this city.	anger
It's a photograph with one of our greatest ever defender and captain. What's your problem?	anger
He’s my #1 pick for HC. Love this guy!	love
[NAME]? He's an absolute fool. If we need a coach to destroy our organization from top to bottom, he's the man.	anger
Stop it. You're giving me that warm fuzzies now.	joy
Absolutely. It's exhausting.	sadness
I'd understand if it was because of his conduct, but because of money? We're the Yankees, what the fuck man	anger
Im so glad I grew up killing infants at hospitals instead of being on my nokia	joy
I wondered what'd happen if I was away for too long from camp. So cool this happens	surprise
Wonder if her steel balls make the same sound, clanging together, when they're frozen?	surprise
We love our murder queen	love
I like it. But I'm not the most fashionable fella out here.	love
And sock puppets. Wow. Nothing out of you is in good faith.	joy
Don’t forget sports gambling. THEN we’ll be happy.	joy
*All I want is to be left alone* *In my average home* *But why do I always feel* *Like I'm in the Twilight Zone?*	sadness
An online poll that the Berners didn't manage to swarm? Color me shocked.	surprise
[NAME] fast asleep is adorable. I love how the two blonde girls are asleep and with drool.	love
Say thos: mom, dad, she's busted. Respect my wishes!	anger
I actually want to die rn. I don't want to watch the SB but I know I'm going to.	sadness
I love conspiracy theories with no shred of proof	love
The part where he carries her to the car had me howling! Poor guy was stumbling with the weight he obviously couldn’t handle	sadness
Breaking News: Man Write Op-Ed About What’s Bad For Women	surprise
I have seen this gif like once a week for a year, and I still cringe every time. 	fear
I love to watch [NAME] play tbh	love
Wow. You don't have any self control?	surprise
"""I'm wondering how many players have """"PhD In Punishment"""" -comment unironically."""	surprise
This is why we love Football!!!	love
Who is bored? I happily entertain myself.	joy
I feel personally attacked.	fear
He must really hate changing dies.	anger
"""But still, crying """"castrate all pedophiles"""" because they could be potential rapists is like crying """"kill all men, they are all potential rapists."""" """	sadness
I had this one! he was a precious little angel and I loved him.	love
Gave ya an upvote but sadly, by reading this thread its not going to help	sadness
I mean I still attend regular school, this is just a Saturday school. I'm just frustrated that I have to waste Saturday on this	anger
Dude wtf that was definitely off Brooklyn	anger
I really hate this family. Nothing but snake-oil salesmen who's negative influence will reverberate for a new generation of young women who deserve better role models.	anger
I did not even realize he was injured...	sadness
I love your writing style!	love
That's absurd, people commit crimes blacked out on drugs/alcohol all the time. Also, they could just claim they don't remember it either way. 	anger
I cringed so much just reading that tweet, I didn't even make it to the comments. That's my fucking President. :(	anger
WILL YOU TWO SHUT UP? PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO SLEEP	anger
I really like this play on words.	joy
Don't you fucken do it	anger
I've found multiple people who fulfill a specific need of mine, and I love them all!	love
Oh my gooooooooood	surprise
Somebody reverse this please I would be so happy.	joy
"""I read that as """"tarantula Mounting"""" and was pleasantly surprised"""	surprise
I'd love to see a repo/recovery subreddit.	love
The white thing high up in the yellow square is my uncle [NAME] glass eye. Wonder how it got there.	surprise
Come back here and fight me m8	anger
they should just stop broadcasting road games	anger
I like [NAME]	love
Here's my [NAME]. and [NAME] in front of our tree :)	joy
I think it's safe to say I've peaked. 16/25 on the second half wouldn't all that surprising but I probably whiffed on [NAME]	surprise
Oh, sorry bud. Didnt mean to be rude	sadness
"""Makeup existed in 2009 too. Whoever made this is stupid. I hate the whole """"milinials dumb"""" shit."""	anger
I really can't imagine someone saying that if the gender was reversed.	surprise
You don't go to college to learn. You go to college to have sex with college girls.	anger
It’s my birthday too! I’ve always love it!	love
I'd love for someone to pay a little attention to me	love
Wow, the menacing head shake...(shivers) 	surprise
Y'all taking this way too seriously...the point is they're both fierce.	anger
If it's used as an excuse to fuck the onchain throughput, it is.	anger
From one eating disorder to another. That's not recovery that's just sad.	sadness
Lucky bastard the cool change came 5 minutes into the wedding	joy
I love how he misses that last punch when he goes down lol. Like, thats when the liver shot really sunk in	love
I still miss the north hills bottom dollar :(	sadness
I mean if my wife looks like that when I get married then I’ll be quite happy.	joy
I stopped worrying about showing vulnerability years ago but there's still nobody there.	sadness
Omg [NAME] he’s there because you don’t listen. You ass!	anger
Doesn't suck nearly as bad as Metropolitan Grill. I'm surprised that place is still open.	surprise
Yes! Love me rotties!	love
What the fuck is this doing in a cryptocurrency sub	anger
I love the jab berto. It’s literally in thin air.	love
Love that car	love
Yeah I was super surprised by how good Trench was, probably my top album from last year	surprise
I’d love some actual lore relating to OW as a whole not just slapping names on single characters once every 6 months	love
"""Really love the """"Midtown Yards"""" greenspace in the Mikyoung Kim design and also the Agence Ter design. """	love
First and foremost you have to Love YOURSELF!!	love
Don’t worry, he’s more afraid of you than you are of him. Just act tough, it’ll work...maybe...	fear
[NAME] I love you but there is a top 15 game on	love
They usually do hoss, hence the steak and beer hard to be sad with good food. 	sadness
So happy for you two !! ❤️	love
Hope you enjoy it! Try not to leave it too long though, it's been taken down before. 	joy
Love Mac n Gold	love
"""My dyslexia read that as """"McFucking brilliant"""" and I was wondering if we could make it a thing."""	surprise
Funny I’m on my second play through and this happens...	joy
How dare you disparage a 3D printed JV riding a goddamn raptor	anger
Better than selling our souls for a fucking trophy	anger
I swear no ranked team can go without losing to an unranked team for very long.... that’s why I love college basketball	love
im glad that's not what the game is about then	joy
It's like 20,000 words about a teenager. Fucking insanity.	anger
Replacing pillows often is also important. Buy more less expensive pillows. I love pillows from Ikea.	love
She haven't tried contacting me in 2 years, i guess she lied. Congrats to me, I won the 'miss you more' game. ):	sadness
[NAME] is scary	fear
Fuck it; just marry everyone	anger
READ A BOOK YOU FUCKING CROOK.	anger
When has the Alt-Right ever been working class? Its always the richest white guys who are horribly socially inept.	fear
Let people enjoy things	joy
It kind of blew my mind to see that after reading some of the most generic advices in that post. Who the f* upvote these posts?	anger
How dare you hate [NAME]	anger
Wtf did I just read? That was painful	sadness
i love all harper news because i love the shit storm that ensues on here.	joy
I hope that the talk goes ok. Though with these justno's it may not. I'm glad that you are prepared if it goes south.	joy
Yeah but people are dumb and mesh everything together because thinking about specific situations is clearly too hard	sadness
I'm sorry *what*	sadness
BP can bulwark counter A good number of deflects and even drop attacks We have more than that to worry about	fear
I would eat the everloving bejeesus out of that pickle.	love
I'm glad the republican won cause I want the best high I have had 5 back surgeries and need another.	joy
Well that’s horrific	fear
I’m glad I’m not the only one who thought that.	joy
I sould have assissted in the stabbing, even ceasar would have been surprised by the amount of stab wounds on that little shit	surprise
Ha ha ha. That was a good one	joy
Get out of my head.	anger
I'm glad I'm not the only one that allocates points for road kills.	joy
Guys, even worse: He *paid* someone to set it up. Wow. 	anger
What the fuck is The Baffler? I can't even go there at work.	anger
I’m glad you do feel genuine, unconditional love for your own child :,)	joy
I now understand why everybody gets pissed off at these weak ass pump fake fouls.	anger
So happy for you both!	joy
But i like being the trickiest of traps 😣	love
Its the same AS to go to a bank and to say My kid loves money give him all of it	love
I love how all these suspects greet [NAME] like an old friend.	joy
Holy shit!!	surprise
I love how she has no idea what to do. Like stop drop and roll 🤦‍♂️	love
Woah Dude!!! I would be freaking out	surprise
PARENTS: VACCINATE YOUR FUCKING KIDS OR THE NEXT NAP THEY TAKE WILL BE IN A COFFIN OMFG	anger
Just shut up dude	anger
Just because you lack critical thinking and reading skills doesnt mean i am a moron, it means you need to learn how to think for yourself.	anger
That goddamn wink slayed me. Swoon so hard...	anger
That face in 0:18. That's the face of happiness	joy
I also love that her correction was wrong. But all the bustling millinery on The Island can do that to a person.	love
Being adorable mostly	love
I love this	love
>Some ~~drugs~~ people are just... Scary... Some drugs tend to bring out what's bubbling under the surface, so in that way, yeah. 	fear
Here for [NAME], love this.	love
Love their channel, with tracks like these I'm expecting them to become a full band	love
Condiments suck. Mostly because I love them so much. Why cant they just be free calories?!?!	love
Damn it, why can’t I give this multiple upvotes?! Sending love for this from the US.	love
And pizza. Don't forget pizza. The roof of my mouth feels like a battlefield after I have eaten a hot pizza.	joy
Omg its hannibal cooper	surprise
*aggressively tells friend I love them*	anger
This was the one post that truly frightened me about the insane left. They are a cult, and not on our side.	fear
Man, this analogy is frighteningly spot on. Makes me sad for the province.	sadness
Oh, the horror! We must defend the honor of Lord [NAME] against the scum of r/NFL!!	fear
“It’s different because I deserve it.” These same assholes in rural areas.	anger
Reading this made me clutch my nipples in pain	sadness
I'm so glad you weren't physically hurt	joy
"""[NAME]: """"WTF, it's just a prank bro!"""""""	anger
dude stop your gonna make me cry. This is horrible please don't do this STOP right now. Dont it's just not worth it	fear
My wife with BPD hasn't even kissed me in over a year. Get used to it if you're sticking around.	sadness
No. Going to a competitive high school was harder and more stressful than all my adult endeavors combined.	sadness
I remember writing on them was horrible. Slight delay which threw me off combined with the letters ending up looking like crap. Whiteboard was so much easier.	fear
Loved dropping in from the crack in the ceiling and going out in a blaze of glory.	love
I fucking hate [NAME]	anger
The first comment wasn't but when you not wanted you should just fuck off	anger
I think this is the first time I’ve ever seen this joke.	surprise
Watching it deteriorate into a horrific dystopia. Healthcare costs. Dental. Low wages.	fear
And those poor kids are still paying for it. And we have actual grown adults that are bullying them even today.	sadness
One million points for Slytherin!	joy
I CAN DOWNLOAD ADS BUT NOT THE THING ITSELF FFS	anger
"""""""We lost good people on both sides"""""""	sadness
unrelated, but i love your flair	love
He literally laid in pain on the ground after the fight longer than the loser did	sadness
I accidentally swiped. I don't have time right now I swiped for ego and got it so I don't actually want to talk to anyone.	anger
ITS TO THE POINT WHERE I LOVE AND I HATE YOU	anger
Can you imagine the amount of backlash she’d get if it was ANOTHER [NAME] collab? Omg.	surprise
Sucks that [NAME] won't get to play [NAME]	anger
Yes my man	joy
The nfl has been the outcome of ref interpretation and flag throwing for years. Why are we surprised this continues?	surprise
Wonder if the balls are deflated... that worked well against the colts last time.	surprise
[NAME] there are so,many. But my favorite are: Hold you in my arms ~ [NAME] Dont forget me ~ Way out west [NAME] ~ [NAME] 	love
Some fragile egos seem very upset at the ad. womp, womp.	sadness
This made me smile. I watched it on YouTube.	joy
[NAME] dude I’m sorry. That’s their problem now. Bump some [NAME] and keep moving forward.	sadness
I'm happy that you got the [NAME] back, some people just don't have respect for others and think that they and their kids deserve everything	joy
Ha me too. I’m afraid we’ve been called out	fear
like 2lbs worth of potato and toppings at her grandmas every damn day. I love that show as well	love
BURN IT DOWN	anger
In my few years playing I never knew this ... I feel so lost now	sadness
I saw your missing post and hoped you found your baby! I'm sorry for your heartache	sadness
Fuck me daddy	anger
YUP. I’ve been healthier since the new year FINALLY smh	joy
I’m sorry to hear this. Live a hell of a life for your mate	sadness
I'd love to see something following her younger days. Also something STRQ related would be awesome.	love
Conservatives now hate dancing... anybody surprised?	surprise
I just want to die. I don't want to keep trying.	sadness
That was fun.	joy
Love this twitter account.	love
"""Was the song """"New Light""""? I'd love to see the vid you're talking about if you come across it"""	love
From my point of view the freefolk are evil	anger
I love me some RFM. My wife said he talks like a robot.	love
I still can't believe those guys got nominated.	surprise
Man I remember playing street hockey at desert breeze growing up, good times	joy
Wow, whereabouts in Croydon are you it wasn't this bad where I am! 	surprise
wtf i love basketball again.	love
I graduated in 2002 and had history books that ended with [NAME] 2nd term. I had great teachers but terrible materials.	fear
I'd be happy with a Goff win too. And you can't hate Brees. Rams vs. Chargers would be perfect. final score 72-70.	joy
I don't find it awkward, it's relaxing and I want to enjoy having some else wash and cut my hair.	joy
Hang on so Im not allowed to stroke your dog? Thats sad.	sadness
It's not like the picture looks bad. Wait, no, I take that back immediately. I can't unsee it now too.	sadness
Those scars look fairly recent. Just remember no matter what there are people who love you and will support you unconditionally!	love
You guys are horrible. I love it.	love
3:32 excuse me what the fuck.	anger
Love anytime we can work [NAME] into a conversation.	love
Probably. Wouldn't be surprised if our current generation essentially lives forever...or well until something like climate change puts a stop to it.	surprise
Why is this not 5x5? It hurts my eyes...	sadness
gotta love my s-tier talking to people anxiety haha wait no i don't 😎	love
Not available in my country. Can't believe this has to be a thing in the modern age.	surprise
yes, because I like her already anyway	love
Stop all the bullshit. Keep AB. Pick one.	anger
Also known as the song ice cream trucks play. I was wondering why it sounded so familiar!	surprise
Funny how it do	joy
I'm surprised they play the national anthem at derby bouts there, been to many bouts in Minnesota and haven't once heard the national anthem performed.	surprise
Tell him congrats. And that he srsly needs to work on his bunting; it's just painful to watch.	sadness
Right!? I'm glad someone else noticed. I was horrified when she trespassed into a stranger's home. So violating!	fear
I love lions. Wouldn't want one in my house though. Might scare the dog. Same thing with children for me!	love
Sorry but this is too rad to be cringe for me. This is like if [NAME] was a general.	sadness
[NAME] thats real? I'm so glad i unsubbed from pics	joy
Suck really hard and hope it ends soon? And don't swallow!!! Bleck - sex is so much better with a woman.	anger
It's rape after they've both consented? You're what's wrong with society today, try to be less of a dipshit going forward.	anger
Can [NAME] just shut up and appreciate her dog?	anger
Wow I’ve never seen that one and I love it! Could you share the picture?	love
Maybe check the song title one more time chief. Love the song tho. Also today’s a Scared of the Dark kind of day for me	fear
DON'T TELL ME HOW TO LIVE MY LIFE.	anger
And always say I love you. My SO is an officer and we ALWAYS say I love you before we leave each other.	love
No need to apologize. It definitely put things in perspective. I’m just glad your DD ended up ok.	joy
Not unexpected this election was gonna be a brawl between him and [NAME] from the start.	surprise
Same. Glad it's not just out store.	joy
Ohhhhh that couple!	surprise
Im glad to hear it !!!	joy
I miss him so much during the NCAA tournament.	sadness
I love [NAME], but we have better characters to trade for him. Leave [NAME] alone. 	love
Unbelievable! Here. Have your iPad back. Not interested in being treated like a criminal. I’ll write home with pen and paper	surprise
That's true, but I was surprised to find absolutely ZERO information about a person who , presumably, has quite a bit of power and influence.	surprise
Lovely. This is a good deed and he should be lauded for it despite whatever else is going on around him.	love
[NAME]? Yeah, that one hurts.	sadness
I'm literally in tears right now. Everything you said is true oh my godddddddddddddd.	sadness
What the hell	anger
Even more so. It would only make our prison (this world) even more diabolical.	fear
Rusty you the bomb! I'm okish now but just knowing you are out there makes me smile! Cheers! xoxo	joy
I’m jealous.	anger
This is just sad. So, so sad.	sadness
Damn I didn't realize we just locked up the season series against the jets. That's good to see.	joy
True but he prob loves football more and def enjoys playing football over baseball	love
I WILL NOT OBEY THAT ORDER, GENERAL! 	anger
Personally my number one ST love is [NAME], [NAME] is a close second tho.	love
scared for sure... scared of how much money we're gonna have to pay him it's gonna be all the moneys	fear
Omg, there is a wallet made out of a dead squirrel on that sub! *SUBSCRIBED*	surprise
I can be convinced to like any trade right now but it all comes down to the return.	love
Happy New year!	joy
Happy Cake day.	joy
i hate that it's over an interstate bridge so people traveling from the west from other states have to look at it edit* because it's fucking corny	anger
5 hours late!!!!!!!!! omg.	surprise
Wow i didn't really expect both the explosion and him to live	surprise
By far the coolest thing I've seen on this thread yet	joy
Man.. I really loved that team.	love
Love the song! First one I’ve bought in a long time	love
Gaaahhh. That one would hurt.	sadness
come on, Redwings won, Knights need to win. give me another 2-fer, baby!	joy
I, too, am a lot of fun at parties. We can stand together in the corner! 	joy
This guy should go to HELL	anger
Yeah I’d love a before and after!	love
Stumbling out of a closet in full [NAME] outfit... I'm afraid it's not	fear
I have almost 5 months now. If I can do it, anyone can. You got this baby ❤️	love
This is the shitposting I love	love
It's always nice to tell someone a pleasant story before they go to sleep.	joy
He was in a state of shock lol	surprise
So glad I moved here.	joy
The emoji at the end just made me want to slap her	anger
i love you [NAME] and and son [NAME] and the holy spirit love	love
[NAME] GIVES BARRIERS NOT SHIELDS. LUCIO BARRIERS GIVE ULTS. HAMMOND BARRIERS DONT GIVE	anger
I'll die on this hill with you. Amen.	love
Well this all started Wednesday. But I’ve been unhappy with my life for weeks now	sadness
I had a similar fear last month after exceeding the two hours in a Homebase car park.	fear
Yeha he failed to qualify unfortnatwly.	sadness
Glad your nights going well guys	joy
Cray to the crazy	joy
I like to be scared actually!	joy
Whoa whoa whoa, dont go firing him into the rest of us. He is your alien being	surprise
Love the cheese!	love
There’s a fine line between love and hate, you know. 	love
Oh come on, they’ll survive it all, they LOVE EACH OTHERRRR!!!	love
Just throw them into a pool of needles. That'll teach them not to steal ever again.	anger
I regret this post so hard so much debate and anger lol	anger
My no. 1 favorite quote on the show right here	love
I'm now scared to post this link]( I guess I should [stop.	fear
I miss rock fest 😔	sadness
Love the headline though	love
Oh, the irony,.	surprise
I love your collection and want to play with it! p.s. am 40	love
OK sweaty, have fun in ur collapsing Union while I'm restoring the Empire xoxx	joy
“How dare you use your breasts for their biological function instead of my enjoyment!”	anger
Yes I would love to see!	love
I think: Congrats! That baby will now have loving parents	joy
*sobbing* I love you bro, you always there for me *continues sobbing*	love
[NAME], that fucking sucks.	anger
... This is a stupid idea. One of the first things caught will be a wiki quote.	anger
I thought you only get to be a wizard after you're 30yo and still virgin	surprise
I feel a tad lost without it now that my drive for football has vanished and basketball and hockey simmer one. The show's every night after all.	sadness
"""I love this one too """"I like to be spoiled and will spoil my man as well"""" Men translate this into """"Pay me for sex"""""""	love
excuse me what the *fuck* was that	anger
[NAME] made me like a sleep walker.. I did things I didn't remember doing. Scary.	fear
I enjoyed hardcore mode much, much more than regular mode in BF4. More realistic	joy
Wow.. must have missed this. This is really fucked up if true!	surprise
Yum!!! I love almond milk!! 🤗	love
I am scared that I would lose potential study time by seeing him. And worse if I end up liking him too much... :(	fear
I love artic blitz personally	love
Ahhh okay my bad I misread your comment, I thought you meant we’d be trading him if he plays poorly 	sadness
I really like this.	love
Our future overlords are learning how to walk and help out around the house. Growing up so fast they are. Remember that I love you	love
That guy with the orange jacket looks so distraught. Feels bad man.	sadness
I’M NOT ALLOWED TO EAT THE SKIN, DEE! I’M NOT ALLOWEDDDDD!	anger
No youre a cunt	anger
I always cry when [NAME] is on screen.	sadness
>This weird exploding ice [NAME] I haven't seen before? Wow. I... that's some ick right there.	surprise
Welcome to the depressed group	sadness
We did it chief	joy
It’s sexual harassment because it was done with a sexual mindset. It’s not that hard to understand.	anger
I hope you survive this. Losing a friend is a heavy loss	sadness
Yeah it’s the opponents club that should be scared of us! We are REAL MADRID!	fear
Exactly! Someone think of the billionaires! Sometimes I pretend I’m one and it’s really fun :)	joy
I love [NAME]	love
I loved this costume and wasn’t even aware of the amount of hate it had until recently	love
Tbh the giant cereal bowl bath is about as least cursed as it gets. ...I loved that episode	love
>The ABC’s hard-hitting investigation :/ Such a sad article.	sadness
Fuck it, maybe the faceless men worship the great other AND assassinated the fire warlocks in valyria, hwo knows?	anger
> so much misinformation > No hazing or violence tolerated whatsoever Lmao wut	anger
This is why im happy [NAME] is our owner. I don’t see him being a cheapskate	joy
Because it's so ridiculously stupid people just can't help themselves.	anger
I like how you're insinuating that the other half is family reunification rather than giving us the real answer.	love
Exactly right? That's when I thought she was really really horrible.	fear
Wow. Instant retirement money...	surprise
She's a pro-Assad piece of shit.	anger
That's unfortunate for you.	sadness
Horribly fake. People on that thread are stupid and gullible.	anger
Fuuuuuuuuuck that.	anger
I made my own sauce for chicken dishes this week, I am happy, LGD	joy
Ouch, that hurts, would've won without the injury	sadness
Ooooh that was a missed opportunity	sadness
"""Love the tilt away. """"nobody will know what I'm up to"""". """	love
Seriously. I had 2 jobs and was in college. I sleep more now!	joy
This kills the country.	fear
The stupid is real	anger
i freaking love five below! Wait no nevermind	love
[NAME], he fucked everything up so bad.....and I love him but, damn	love
Surprisingly it wasn’t a [NAME]	surprise
Wow really? I would think that UK bases would be the last place we'd have protests at.	surprise
I can't miss a chance to post one of my favorite gifs ever! 😂	love
Welp. That sucks. I always check left and right when crossing an intersection, getting T-boned is one of my biggest fears.	fear
Enjoy you Salad	joy
My mom signed me up when I was 15. Wow that was a fun weekend. /s	joy
That's just sad and depressing. Was the race closing before she finished? Well, at least she did it.	sadness
>a fun activity!!! At no point in my TBM life would I have found that fun or worthy of even one exclamation.	joy
Damn, even here in CA the gun haters almost invariably exempt law enforcement from their crusade.	anger
I'm also enjoying it I like mixing the colors the most.	joy
I’m constantly surprised that [NAME] doesn’t hate her.	surprise
[NAME] so much hate.	anger
That's pretty much what you signed up for when you had kids.	joy
[NAME] is my top choice. Love the tape and could anchor the line for many years	love
Turns out, that daddys little girl is a thot, who also takes drugs. No wonder she fled her country.	sadness
Don't forget colors. They panic at the sight of a chess board.	fear
I find this sooooo strange	surprise
I worry about throwing draft picks around, but a guy like that is worth it IMO.	sadness
Debunked as in proven wrong. Again, he is a well known fool. Do yourself a favor and never take anything he says remotely seriously. 	anger
Glad you're at least out of bed. Progress!	joy
I'm kinda the opposite. I always look dour and sad even when I'm not...	sadness
Sadly, I don't even think its that the Chargers aren't prepared its that the Patriots are good at game prep.	sadness
>call people faggots > lovingly describe the beauty and strength of a man's physique	love
I would love to jam with you guys but I would need to buy an instrument here :(	love
You know I never thought I'd celebrate someone's death, but once she goes I'm going to have to try very hard to not enjoy it...	sadness
They were not really messing around, just more frustrated. They genuinely were trying to move specialists around to get the best out of people.	anger
I remember that one. It was so painful to watch	sadness
I love the smell of Napalm in the morning	love
Ahhh, I see. I thought you were saying they made you afraid of the sessions.	fear
This is scary.	fear
Important part of this, surprising it's not there. 	surprise
I like this	love
I love when [NAME] plays like this	love
An angry old person yelling at a retail worker will never listen to reason.	anger
£10 for copy pasting a wall of text from /r/gamerghazi? Why would I want to do that.	anger
It’s more of a vibe tbh I love playboi carti as much as I love [NAME]	love
> busy blasting stuff with plasma Sound like more fun.	joy
Nope, midwest. I'd bet there are a bunch of shops with the same stuff though. P.S. I love your name!	love
Missing this roster 😢😢😢	sadness
happy cake day!	joy
Omg, the kitty bites the knee and then looks at the human to gauge reaction.	surprise
I’m fine with that. I’m happy to be banned from subs like that.	joy
Idiots gonna idiot.	anger
Happy belated cakeday.	joy
Gonna warn you, that path is a lot more dangerous than you would think...	fear
I'm so happy this whole group of lines was poster. It made my day...	joy
I love the 'Keep it simple' style! Hope mod won't sleep at this. :D	love
That sounds wonderful.	joy
I mean… yeah? So glad to be at that age where the conversation would be more uncomfortable for them than for me.	joy
I feel a connection to this woman	love
Oh look, it's alive. Who here secretly fed it?	surprise
hey, that's me. Glad i'm done with the class, so much work	joy
Omg! There's one in every family. And every classroom.	surprise
I’d kind of be kind of shocked if Chili wants us to hit mostly ground balls, especially with how hard the shifts are nowadays. 	surprise
The last thing I want on my team are former Eagles players. Fuck that team, the organization, and the shitty fanbase 	anger
Well that’s sad. It might’ve been funny if it was fake.	sadness
It's none of your business. Stay out of it.	anger
Love it [NAME]	love
I love [NAME] but its been 1 year	love
An Asuka reference in fatlogic?! Love it.	love
I love having twins. They'll keep each other company in their room until about 7:30-8:00 every day. So nice.	love
That’s so romantic!	love
Kinda sad to laugh at people who really need serious help.	sadness
im glad they have it but this should have really been introduced in DMC3	joy
Dig up, stupid! 	anger
I wonder if this is why the universe keeps expanding. Because we're constantly filling it up with new words and new sentences.	surprise
Omg the face	surprise
Very happy with this !	joy
I love when [NAME] loses the ball then jogs back on defense	love
Believe it or not, but I saw that he's a college instructor now	surprise
This is horrible	fear
I love it	love
I love you for making this	love
Are you surprised. He doesn’t do anything with himself	surprise
Everything he does makes me love him, including his video application for his job at Polygon which is art.	love
Love this man, take my updoot.	love
"""I love how he calls himself a """"decent man"""" and the other guy a """"douche"""" even though he's the one who wants to fight him"""	love
Man, dropping is rather dreadful but nothing’s more dreadful when you can reach into your pockets expecting it to be there and it isn’t 	fear
Yeah keep filming your kid kicking a dog in the face. I'm suprised this isn't on r/funny	surprise
I would love to accidentally get muscular... Instead of working my arse off to lose fat at the moment.	love
I wasn’t a fan of theirs on the show, but I am very happy for them both and wish them the best of luck in life 	joy
I like it. It reminds me of Aphex Twin but I also hear modest mouse melodies and rhythms. I'm a fan of both	love
I love how they have it on the dog. Imagine a fur missile going after a suspect flashing red and blue.	love
Yeah I'm glad he got caught. What a piece of crap.well at least he won't be a virgin in jail anymore haha	joy
That’s a real article ? Oh [NAME]...	surprise
I like this person.	love
I know I should be worried, but I am not, which makes me very worried. 	fear
Ladies and Gentlemen........We got him	joy
2005? I think we might be the same person lol. What a terrible year. I go back to that one a lot.	fear
Why hasn't he been made GM yet???	anger
Wow, well I think that game just aged me 5 years...	surprise
Boiled peanuts are my happy food.	joy
Surprises me how a dude that let his keyboard get to this point even cares enough to clip his nails in the first place.	surprise
Currently listening and loving it.	love
They’re all nothing but a pack of liers and should all be thrown in jail	anger
You're definitly an asshole, or a troll. Maybe both.	anger
Fingerprints not [NAME] or [NAME] red is [NAME] don’t just make things up now that is sad !	sadness
Yes! I love their responses to anyone who comments. So much shade.	love
I read it on NRK as well. Brought tears to my eyes.	sadness
I love this. Kids just live in the moment which makes them so unaware of so many things.	love
I love this woman.	love
He is a douche, but I love that douche!	love
Stotts raising Nurk's usage rate is making me a happy fan	joy
Actually made me feel worse. Kids are always back there, death would have been guaranteed had they any.	sadness
I actually really like it the way it is now! The pink sky with only a few clouds is different and very cool.	joy
I love seeing satan... I mean saban upset	love
> Woo that sadness out Welp, never gonna be able to have a night out on the town again without this coming up	sadness
True. I just always enjoyed the atmosphere of that place. And a couple of the sandwiches weren't bad at all.	joy
Omg, the hands touch the chicken, go off screen and then touch the salt. My mind is contaminated with Salmonella. 	surprise
Thats beyond shockingly bad. A new level of terrible. Wow...	surprise
Enjoying it. It makes shaving my head easier.	joy
General population are scared of press	fear
Should of just stabbed her up tbh why let someone steal from you	anger
Watch [NAME] left arm and hand as he's on the floor. Scary.	fear
Damn, he sold all out for that kick	anger
Things did not go well on Eros Station...	sadness
#QUIT HURTING THE BIRDS	sadness
I could drive my fucking van through there!	anger
No, it would not. How the hell is that evidence that [NAME] didn't commit the crime?	anger
That definitely hurt	sadness
I’m happy he made it and not [NAME]	joy
Fuck yea!	anger
I'm sorry I imagine that was devastating.	sadness
Yeah how dare the puck not magnetize to [NAME] stick. Not his fault at all.	anger
don’t curse mmeEEEE !	anger
i love folksy cities skylines man	love
"""I thought the army would be like the top image. """"Then why the fuck did you sign up as a [NAME] OP"""""""	anger
A joke is subjective pal, second of all you need to mature/grow up and get a taste of the real world before giving your political opinions.	joy
Coherence, The One I Love	love
Damn. Didn't know [NAME] was still making videos.	surprise
Never said that. Not once. Punishment isn’t slavery. Unless you’d rather just kill lawbreakers	anger
THERE'S A WAR COMING, NED. I DON'T KNOW WHEN, I DON'T KNOW WHO WE'LL BE FIGHTING...BUT IT'S COMING!	fear
The shocking conclusion.	surprise
Then getting irrationally angry when they don’t see it your way.	anger
Your belief is literally killing children	anger
enjoy that vodka, [NAME]	joy
Snuggling with my boyfriend	love
Indifferent before leaving. Indifferent after. Although hasidic [NAME] are fucking mental.	anger
You know, ive always wondered how a car could get in a position like that	surprise
Yet here you are mad about [NAME] being apathetic.	anger
Hahah you right. Please don't tell any birds!	joy
Your passion for [NAME] literally put a big smile on my face. Stay wavy!	joy
Idk I sort of loved seeing rich kids get stranded on an island with nothing but retired 737s to get them home.	love
I’m really starting to like that kid	love
wow, there really is “somethin” for everyone ...	surprise
Or take it further: Try showering with just hot water. You might be surprised at how clean you get.	surprise
Those are female toes. Busted!	anger
I think we have the same grinder. Love the bong!	love
These stupid fucking cunts don’t even use “shade” correctly, [NAME] would toss them off the pier.	anger
I wonder how [NAME] prepares his food.	surprise
I love pasta and sushi more than anything! :)	love
It would be terrible if he died and they put his head in a jar or something	fear
Wow. He might actually lose Iowa	surprise
cool cool...	joy
~~Comrade~~ [NAME] I'm appalled that you would accuse me of using performance enhancing drugs. Neigh! Neigh I say!	fear
I'm surprised she could operate a suitcase.	surprise
I thought I was the only one who loved cold pizza! Everyone thinks I’m crazy! I’d rather have cold pizza than hot honestly	love
I’m to scared to tell them :(	fear
Loving the circle-jeck hate, how about not getting so triggered by other people taking offense at an ad	love
Shit's going down in Zim. 6 people killed yesterday by army and over 200 arrested.	sadness
It was less painful than a bee sting! I felt so silly afterwards!	sadness
Ohh that's in season I like that one	love
If you still have fish or plants, I would love to take them. Unfortunately I don’t have space for another tank	love
I have nothing to offer you but my love.	love
Turning the Sunny Side Up into a Shitty Side in All Directions. Love it!	love
It's been deleted, we can't even see what it was now (unfortunately). 	sadness
Keep it going. Love your hot takes on this sub.	love
I love the fact that he is a complicated character makes it challenging	love
Seriously, someone out there has to love this dumpster fire TV show enough to edit some videos	love
My [NAME] this Administration is somewhere between the mafia and the three stooges	surprise
yes, please do I'm worried about her D:	fear
I love you too, no homo.	love
CUE THE MUSIC!!!	joy
I'm with you, pulju has been looking dangerous lately	fear
Love your /u/ so much.	love
we got good at breakaways!!	joy
wow that’s really some hate there. I hated [NAME] in the Office too, but he got okay since the third run	anger
Kill it with fire.	anger
I love posts like this because they make me feel so much better about being vegan.	love
Every time one of our players enter top form they get injured.	sadness
I love this drink.GIF	love
**GET OUT NORMIES! OUT!**	anger
What?! And you’re not a vegetable?! /s	surprise
I was in the top 3 on solo and lost solely due to buddy having 2 concussions.	sadness
Maybe? I was def too busy going “ohmygawd motherfucking KING SHARK!?! 🦈 “ to notice	anger
This is one of my favorite details/hidden views in the entire city.	love
i love this video	love
Living here. Now my daughters biggest aspiration is to leave this place, and I can’t say I blame her. 	sadness
>the satisfaction of knowing how bent out of shape you're getting What a sad existence.	sadness
as much as I could tolerate - sadly I gave you a view.	sadness
“I am going to be going through a nasty divorce in a few years so I will need the money.” - [NAME]	sadness
That logo looks cool in the morning lol almost cyperpunk	joy
Since 1987 it has been like this, I love this team and this sport.	love
You die > mom will be sad	sadness
Kinda surprised he listed [NAME] and [NAME] in particular, but not [NAME]. I guess this is the Leafs spotlight working in real time here.	surprise
Wonder how the iPhones working out	surprise
Cheers, [NAME]!	joy
I would be surprised if she's doesn't have at least 1 kid	surprise
This hurts me more than the fan meme.	sadness
What a (morbid) analogy - I like it!	love
omg ;; my boy heavy	surprise
I'd also report to the post office... and next time these nasty neighbors come-give them the number to call and complain.	anger
Tbh as a [NAME] this sort of news make me happy.	joy
You sound fun at parties	joy
But also: fuck the daily mail	anger
I see a 14 day old reddit account angry at liberals.	anger
Wow. Yes. But here I am. On my phone. Responding.	surprise
Holy shit I’m stupid	anger
I didn't know [NAME] was in a j rock band	surprise
Alarming! 🥀🥀🥀 🚓🍩🚓🍩🚓	surprise
Loved his wife.	love
Oh perfect- I am surrounded by [RELIGION] and they LOVE those kinds of “parties”	love
I fucking love this GIF so much.	joy
In this day and age I’m actually surprised at how many hotels haven’t sorted plugs by the beds yet	surprise
That's perfectly fine. I'm sorry if I offended you in any way. Have a nice day.	sadness
[NAME] isn’t interested in ceremony but is interested in having time with you. Love this!	love
[NAME], I love science.	love
Wow, essential oils can now replace oxygen	surprise
If I get another dog imma name it after a [NAME] song SO FUCKING CUUUUTE	love
Wow you found the answer, wish you were on top, will link to you in my post	surprise
These leaks are actually very credible. It's sad that you guys let Hate and anger blind you from enjoying the experience.	sadness
I'm surprised everyone seems to think there will be a season 2.	surprise
*snerk* People like this kill me. Idiots.	anger
Wow. Racists are really coming out of the woodwork to excuse and defend racism. How sad.	sadness
??? Where the hell is this article getting it's data from...	anger
Oh, fuck off. It’s no one’s fault but yours that you think every mention of the word ‘men’ means you specifically. 	anger
They didn't actually run any tests to confirm it was even bone, let alone human.	anger
That was a fluid motion and it scared me	fear
In the worst of the anger phase I took up running. It’s hard to stay in that state while your legs are burning that much.	anger
[NAME] path made me hate everything associated with pirates	anger
Oh [NAME], oh no, no no no	surprise
So, they want a more profitable split? Surprised they wouldn't go for the Discord store then. Didn't it offer even better a split?	surprise
Yeah that’s one of the things I’m most worried about, still hopeful!	fear
Read in the news yesterday that 3.6 million have lost their insurance since the rump took office. I wonder how many of them died because of it?	surprise
[NAME] why would you blow your load on your fucking suit with fur on it	anger
It’s good dude I had to have it explained to me I’m just passing on the love	love
My barber was thinning my Hair with a new blade and cut my ear. Bled like crazy.	anger
They are probably waiting for his harasser to pull a [NAME]. Filthy men.	anger
sorry this happened to you. id be sad and angry too if i worked hard on something, and someone took that away	sadness
I like your baby😍	love
I like how he wrote many of the TRUE [NAME]. I wonder what a fake [NAME] believes in.	surprise
is this sub scared to talk about [NAME] getting arrested	fear
She’s just not that into you, that’s what I think. You need to find an HL girlfriend and go have fun. 	joy
Lol. Well, I enjoyed our heart to heart either way 	joy
I would be so pissed if I was part of that coaching staff. That was unbelievable.	surprise
Oh gosh, I'm so sorry you had to deal with that. It sounds like you handled it really well. Kids are cruel. 	sadness
This makes me smile	joy
Close game but glad to see we came back in the end	joy
Wow, I might actually watch this weirdo movie this time. 	surprise
I like it	love
I want to clarify that I am NOT scared. I punched the mirror because it looked at me wrong.	anger
> Books. Love them, have enough The library is your friend :)	love
it really sucks how absolutely fucked some of us got genetically in the chest department	anger
[NAME] here...that guac looks horrible	fear
[NAME] was the same in Crestwood. Scary as hell.	fear
You're so cool.	joy
Hello! Happy new years my friend!	joy
Yes no one wants to believe my religion and how to make people happy so it makes me sad	sadness
I am literally dumbstruck. Reality has been brought into question. Top tier YouTube comments though.	surprise
I don't know what they say about fools and their money, but I'll gladly pay you to find out 	joy
So. Much. *Effort.* I ca't believe a tree died for this sin.	surprise
I love when kids get cocky and then fall / get injured. That first kid's smile and face plant is just the best.	love
I love that place I actually went their for my prom pictures	love
All the people who got on at canning bridge station this morning and kept pushing and shoving each other like animals.	anger
It's strange i don't understand how work reddit, i drop a link when i create a post but it doesn't work	surprise
Ah yes, my apologies!	sadness
I like the Call Her Daddy Girls and I don’t care who knows it	love
She’s actually crazy	joy
Man at this point I'd be happy with just a few non-sweeps.	joy
FWIW I had a terrible series of experiences at CFA and would never recommend anyone with anxiety go there.	fear
Really? Edit: Ah yea, I saw the original one. It still reminds me of Wind Maker.	surprise
Sucks to suck	anger
It just never got weird enough..	fear
I thought this was a torb skin and I was about to die	fear
For us to be able to do that now, they would proably make us pay for it. 	fear
Fuck pancreatic cancer. Kills so many and it barely gets any funding because all the money goes to shit like 'breast cancer awareness'.	anger
Wow holy shit I didn't realize Reddit has become main stream media great analogy bud	surprise
People will stop wanting to punch/jail these people when they stop being ignorant, selfish pricks putting newborn babies at risk.	anger
Im loving these DBS and canuck meme mixtures	love
WOW I love this photo so much! Is this recent?	joy
I just get sad when I see people commenting on articles and videos about him that they think he's on drugs.	sadness
what a surprise i never saw coming	surprise
I find it sadly ironic that a man's job is to protect his family, yet if he's alone with his children they question their safety.	sadness
I like the assignments.	love
MmMm I love me some microplastics.	love
I have pretty bad anxiety and have recently adopted two kittens. I definitely feel less anxious when I'm around them as they are such sweet animals.	love
I just enjoy feasting off tears ....mmmmm	joy
Confirmation sounds really scary and sketchy. I can not not think about cults and rituals everytime...	fear
Just piss off	anger
Jitter mod SG12 has been a thing for awhile now, it's a wonder you're just now seeing it. 	surprise
omg that was full on Tequila [NAME]!!!	surprise
GF is false; I saw Mayor get transported and I was stabbed by an SK	fear
This is as subtle as the 2nd choice is the MP telling you to go and fuck yourself.	anger
i dunno, you commit one little genocide and you never hear the fucking end of it	anger
I loved shooting if we were gay and 6969. The peanut butter took a while, but was worth it	love
*Poop hole* Oooohwee!	surprise
I would be creeped out.	fear
Because his reconnaissance is not unique in any way. Literally everyone who saw that movie thought that was surprising.	surprise
Fuck this guy	anger
Fuck ya boys let’s go	anger
ahhhhh no how dare i have morals of course the most important thing is that my favorite football team has a better special teams coordinator	joy
The Remini series. I love it. Horrifying and karma and righteous indignation.	love
Wow, you weren't instantly downvoted hundreds of times. The omniscum must have had a salad once and got a protein deficancy.	surprise
 a thing, and I’ve had my share of Whistle Pig Pie. I hate me 	anger
Wow. Imagine being this stupid. Life must be so hard for you.	surprise
This has to be my favorite part of this article. WHAT DOES HE MEAN!?!?!	love
I FFed it too and reading that comment, I am sooooooooo glad I did!	joy
How much time you got? I enjoy *The Spirit of Redemption* but it's a bit long.	joy
Oh [NAME]... now you’re stealing my lines.	surprise
Happy birthday, [NAME]! Hope you have a wonderful day!	joy
this literally made me sick to my stomach	sadness
It's crazy, the first day with icy, snowy roads it's scary but within a few days, grip and visibility sound like fantasy	fear
The biggest Nightmare	fear
My liver CRIES watching these kids. Weeps into a warm cup of steamed milk.	sadness
Man, fuck that shit. He lost us the Sonics, he has no business running for public office.	anger
I'm honestly shocked that the Bucks have more subs than us. I was surprised the Wolves had more too.	surprise
Me too! And he was so happy to get that out of her back, he seems like he really cares.	joy
All of season 6 is terrible	fear
So you're a liar.	anger
i like turtles	love
I just discovered her today and I love her music	love
sad that the Euphoric tipbot is no more	sadness
I loved my LCR. It made me feel like a police chief from the future.	love
Damn, for real? I'm 250 and drink regularly, if I pound two beers in under a minute I'm good for a little while.	surprise
I have that one! I like it a lot. Despite the name 😂	love
Really? I thought this joke was a bit plane	surprise
Seeing him RT rev gave me some hope which hurts worse	sadness
I love democracy.	love
What is with the pet worship? Should be more worried about your elderly relatives.	fear
I love this story. So much.	love
OHHHHH! THAT ONE! Oh, *[NAME]*... 	surprise
I love taking my girlfriend to Victorias Secret, we shop together, and the whole experience is a kind of foreplay. I highly suggest that route.	love
You'll feel better about yourself if you don't act like an asshole to people who care about you.	anger
Going through the same thing and I feel the same way. Sadness. I hope it'll pass!	sadness
I love this. BFFs don’t get enough love on these subs, but they make everything better. :)	love
proper fucking order	anger
$2M AAV, love this deal	love
This aged poorly	sadness
Bahaha I love that	love
BREAKING NEWS, local bartender found chained up in drunks basement!	sadness
I have cried in hotel rooms before thinking about the loss from discovering it is a lie. It's tragic and wonderful at the same time.	sadness
Don't forget about foden, I love [NAME], I even bought his shirt at the start of this season, but foden has an even greater ceiling	love
I had a nightmare about something similar, the combination of high walls and water is truly scary	fear
So, bloody stop feeding cattle, nothing even compares to the resource consumption (waste) of the animal industry.	anger
This is the noise I make in my girlfriend’s ear while y’all are still scared to moan	fear
Y so serious	anger
That guy is gonna regret losing you the rest of his life. You know why i know this? Because i am him 30 years ago.	sadness
It's probably more like when the only tool you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. I'm so sick of this paranoia.	sadness
Oh my [NAME]. The hand mixer instead of forks. Shredding poultry is like my least favorite thing on Earth	surprise
I can’t believe this blatant police brutality	surprise
god i love [NAME]	love
This makes me wonder if they fixed [NAME] having a very noticeable gap between her body and legs with her new shorts.	surprise
"""Yeah he was going like """"YOOOO"""" and his boy was like yo chill man tf this aint no club keep yo voice down lmao"""	joy
That's just sad if it's for a game	sadness
Goodbye cruel world.	sadness
Friend of the younger sister of girl who was killed. She told me it was a bad acid trip. Very sad, family is holding a vigil tomorrow night. 	sadness
"""The 5 days got an audible """"[NAME]"""" out of me. That's terrifying. """	fear
I really love this title.	love
I love lighthouses	love
Oh my [NAME] I saw the rocks below the dog and feared the worst!	fear
You die.	anger
Me too. For some reason, even the people that I know that love reading don't read Murakami. I love that lil Japanese man. 	love
I have. Here, its implying he wants to fuck the dog. The original the dog is just scared of him.	fear
I was the following season, would have loved to see this game and the Boro final!	love
So you'll bleed and be in pain twice that day.	sadness
I am so very sorry that you are dealing with all of this	sadness
I love this, if I ever get the chance to travel to California I am hitting these spots!	love
Let me just say that your posts over the past twelve days have brought me so much joy	joy
Buying Bitcoin at it's peak is the equivalent of people buy Fyre festival tickets. I'm glad I did neither	joy
I spent like 6 hours overnight browsing the top posts here when I decided to check it out I hate how much I can relate	anger
bet he loves to slow dance	love
Shock collars are horrible. They poor pup. 😫	fear
Fuck, my wife and I spent less than a *fifth* of that. Wow. 	anger
Horrible night for dodo	fear
Wow, you must've never been on /pol/ or like dozens of anti [NAME] subreddits.	surprise
Omg! An attentive parent actually teaching their children to safely handle guns! The horror!	surprise
I bet you’re really fun at parties.	joy
Im glad your out too! Im glad you found joy in camping =)	joy
Stop laughing at me.	anger
One my favorite seasons to rewatch. All the glorious fights. [NAME] is forever a queen	joy
Whaaat. I liked Season 8 [NAME]. I wish the whole love arc between him and [NAME] had never been a thing, but I liked [NAME]. 	love
I'm sorry, no. The hostess was 15. I was 24. At the steakhouse, only hostess girls answered phones.	sadness
It sounds like you’re the one who is afraid of the internet. Relax, bud. You’re on r/cringe 	fear
And? Did i say they didnt? Read the whole thread you bimbo	anger
That ice is dangerously thin for such a hot take.	fear
[NAME] loves it	love
4! The sweetest year.	joy
[NAME] looks too creepy,but it's a very nice drawing.	fear
Fuck Liberty Counsel. They are a hate group.	anger
Aww that was endearing [NAME].	love
I love gold !!	love
I love this movie! One of my favorite little touches is the music [NAME] character is listening to	love
Your life must be miserable. That's sad somehow	sadness
"""Gotta love the """"its a metaphor"""" guy, who has apparently never read any other comments by [NAME]"""	love
Makes me very happy indeed.	joy
Enjoy a weekend of eating ice cream 100% guilt free. (That's standard practice for wisdom teeth still, right?)	joy
This is so sad. [NAME], play 'bitch lasagna'	sadness
I would love to hear [NAME] and [NAME] in Podcast	love
**WAIT THAT WAS A REAL STORY!?!?!? WHAT THE FUCK**	surprise
True, but I meant he has no holiday themed skin from any of those events and all his skins (volsksya included) are pretty bland sadly...	sadness
I like [NAME].	love
A lack of the romantic partner is the stressful situation in my life.	sadness
Also the people there would love our scarlet and gold colors (I'm Chinese).	love
Go on a group vacation!! Or a concert weekend that’d be fun!	joy
Love the Ana's that peek snipe and get wrecked by [NAME], [NAME] or [NAME]. Good times.	love
[NAME] did a YT vid and now everyone trying to be like him. Sad!	sadness
So Green Bay doesn't get him... I'd be sad for the kid.	sadness
HHahah. Right? I’m scared	fear
It's already the 2nd here, but happy new years! 🎉	joy
What in the fuck was [NAME] doing there	anger
The Nexus 6 is my favourite phone even though its a few years old but no one knows Moto or Nexus phones so.....	love
Is this [NAME]?	surprise
This is like the third repost of this. But yes, very sad indeed.	sadness
I feel like I'm watching a scene in an action movie but with penguins	surprise
Lol, I love you you drunk bastard!! Now CHUG!! 	love
Lots of hugs, kiddo ! They ***are*** heifers !	love
I love the book - much better than the movie imo!	love
Wait, wut? I thought there was some sort of (2) term pledge from	surprise
He said this awhile ago. His splits away from coors scares me.	fear
His character was created to be a love interest and it's literally the only thing they know how to use him for.	love
Ain’t that the truth. August is Hell!!	surprise
Everyone hates guys that talk shit and can't back it up, don't start shit when you suck.	anger
Shut up [NAME]	anger
Yum, I love a little pigeon mixed with my grain.	love
Can’t believe we’re letting [NAME] go. So much energy since he’s come on.	surprise
How incredibly dangerous	fear
Fuck man I didn’t plan on crying in my cube today	anger
That's kind of sad to be honest.	sadness
I’m actually not! From USA, sadly. 🙃 Edited to add: unless you didn’t mean me, then I apologize! 	sadness
I would love to be cut open for no reason while I miss work spending weeks, and possibly even years, recovering!	love
I'm a guy and it's the same for me! I'm glad I'm not the only one who feels this way. 😊	joy
I just enjoy using intelligent words...? I left him	joy
I will call the police if you dont stop harassing me	anger
There are racist morons everywhere.	anger
You seem fun	joy
At least I dont care about any of them.	anger
Really I like the new fatalities	love
Oh wow, this is the first I've heard of her aligning with those people. 	surprise
If this data were exportable in CSV format. I would love this website long time. (Github link for feature contributions maybe?)	love
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **6th Cakeday** [NAME]! ^(hug)	love
aha my favorite reply :)	joy
Holy shit that was fucking bad...	anger
The fact this isn't a [NAME] Attorney at Law Gif about this makes me kinda sad.	sadness
How she used the entire video without any editing.... that’s copyright	surprise
And to think all along I was wondering if it was left hand turn day or just me!	surprise
i do love how absolutely distraught the girls look	love
I'm rank 6 and get destroyed for using legion, what build do you use? I absolutely love legion just here getting ran over	love
I loved ScienceBowl and KnowledgeBowl in highs school. Wish we had a college bowl.	love
With the weather we are having, it is a surprise when a battery works.	surprise
Happiness is not earned, it is a choice that can be made once your basic needs are met.	joy
Now it's cheering for the two to come back	joy
Fucking love my pixel 2 ended up hating every Apple device I owned	love
I think they were just doing their job. Reporting what they saw. And yea that was the happiest I have seen [NAME]. Weird.	surprise
I live an hour from one but was afraid of driving all the way there and them telling me that I have to order one.	fear
"""FUCK OFF THAT""""S A PEN"""	anger
poor little dude! Glad he's okay. He and his brother have a story to tell now.	sadness
This can’t be the end of the back, garbage TV! I’ll miss you!	sadness
This sub can be so ridiculously cynical. It's just a pretty picture of a sign!	anger
Its horrifying to think about getting separated from your family, friends and the culture you were living into somewhere new and unfamiliar just like that	sadness
I love you more	love
The orange man angers me and I do not like him.	anger
My man loves his beer more than anything in the world.	love
I'm glad you're safe - but don't feel sorry for him. He knows what he is doing.	joy
It usually comes out after people catch me dissociating.	sadness
I hate fags	anger
Well, my upcoming adverts are going to be interesting!	joy
Imagine thinking like this. I feel kinda bad for them.	sadness
U will hate it shortly	anger
I was AF enlisted too hahaha	joy
I'm lactose intolerant, still I hope u OP and everyone else loves their slices.	love
Sorry, I’m just so hungry right now 	sadness
WAIT IS THIS FUCKING LOSS!?!	anger
I like how you ignored the point about Blade Runner.	love
Ik some of my fav episodes of recent	love
[NAME] damn I love Coops	love
The furry community loves it.	love
If it's Fttn, then not much, maybe worse, because it's still using that shitty old rusted copper running through that same old leaky pit	anger
I’m really glad to read that ex-spouses are friends after. Good for you all!	joy
Fucking hell! I've been out there protesting orange people all this time. I need funding for new signs!	anger
What a horrible person	fear
Talk to your grandparents... you will be surprised on how much general knowledge they have to share.	surprise
because you are in danger of appropriating methhead culture.	fear
Idk how to use any.... the 5th one looks scary	fear
That’s good to hear..I’m so worried I’ll be making the wrong choice by leaving my job I hate soon.	joy
Omg lmfao!!	surprise
i’m sorry i don’t have the box with me	sadness
Wow after that [NAME] turnover, I've never turned off a game so fast	surprise
I love this passive aggressiveness!!	love
[NAME] love for you	love
honestly surprised i havent lost power	surprise
Cheers for that!	joy
I'm surprised no one's talking about the guy in the picture. What a thrussy!	surprise
And you know they never grow out of that...I hate people. Myself included.	anger
Yes, is there any way we can do this? Cos fuck that POS.	anger
No, just act surprised if anything comes of it. 	surprise
I think someone else should open a drive through so I can enjoy the flavours without the dishes aha	joy
This is so infuriating.	anger
I love to see the Celtics give up [NAME] and [NAME] only to have [NAME] walk to literally any other team	love
I really enjoyed Fractured But Whole, but I don't remember the meals being significant (it's been like a year). Can you explain?	joy
Was almost hit by some idiot yesterday that drove straight through a red light and into a crossing.	anger
“I’ll never have a playoff mandate” go fuck yourself [NAME]	anger
[NAME] does love [NAME] I absolutely love Turkey- it's a shame I don't see myself visiting any time soon	love
It is so crazy to me that people unironcally use “kicks their trash”. I guess they just don’t want to swear.	anger
Holy fucking shit	anger
I do. Am chemist. Stop serving me things that remind me of work, goddamit.	anger
I feel like I'd actually really like the song all together	love
Oh dear.	love
Oh look a player breaking out of a slump against Dallas. Haven't seen this one before	surprise
Ya done goofed kid. All you had to do was win.	anger
Always a pleasure to have our board of directors pay us a little visit.	joy
I think of [NAME] hot dogs. I hate that I love them so much.	love
the older me would be scared shirtless knowing all the fireworks that exploded nearly in my hand as a kid	fear
IMO, cheaters are only sorry they got caught, not because they betrayed their spouses and had an affair. 	anger
I love u too <3	love
Yes!!! He was my #2 choice. Love this hire so much and we don’t have a coach with a sketchy past	love
Everyone likes [NAME].	love
[NAME] is huge fucking liar, but you seem to like him.	anger
Goddamn it...	anger
Really? I’m not so sure, because I really do like her a lot.	love
I love this show	love
It's so sad	sadness
I love it (Blacklock holiday)	love
That scene traumatized me the first time I watched it	fear
Oh the joys of Marine Corps boot camp!!	joy
Other than some wacky pick up orders, the dine-in customers are very sweet at my place. It’s a good thing :)	joy
I do that with my boyfriend. We can room together on school field trips and sleep at each other’s houses without suspicion. I love it	love
Grats man. I hit my second live one today coincidentally! Feels good :)	joy
I like your sleeves... they’re real big	love
All the things you've been thinking about, fangirls, make me sad.	sadness
I like vanilla, it's the finest of the flavors.	love
I love how the tires are Raiders logo	love
> No one likes being made to vote more often than they have to. My love of the sausage sizzle says otherwise!	love
I usually see tweets like this for girls but it feels nice to have it directed at boys	joy
[NAME] forbid i love and support and show that support and love for my country apparently im racist now...	love
"""its admittedly shallow and petty but I love the saying """"libertarianism is astrology for men"""""""	love
I’m the most surprised that [NAME] is 35. Seems like just yesterday he was plotting with [NAME] on how to get booze for the party	surprise
It's not a murder or a cringe. Just seems like two friends joking around.	joy
And religion isn't displayed on uber page. She saw a brown person and refused to interact with them solely based on race. She's a racist.	anger
I love the name!	love
All good man, I don't get the college football hate I see on here, and I hate the big ten disrespect I see everywhere. 	anger
Its fun to draw in an empty space.	joy
The fact that the passenger gives a thumbs up drives me crazy	joy
Was just in the Grampians over the long weekend. Haven't been there in 20 years. Still love it.	love
"""I love how the reason for the dislocation got progressively less extreme until the """"I was sitting down"""" Man, getting old sucks"""	love
really thought he'd hit a bird for the longest time.	surprise
A 100years? That's far too long dude. Reminder: ww2 was 73 years ago...	surprise
Surprised, Playtest isn't mentioned. The ending is just god damn!	surprise
The sub is VERY socialist so they love this kind of stuff	love
Better love big “snowflake” hearts!	love
[NAME] damn it	anger
She loves it. Watch Rick and Morty. Do it yourself.	love
"""Yeah, I was like """"man I love [NAME] so much but [NAME] is also amazing and good"""""""	love
"""It's gonna be the next """"live, laugh, love"""" with everyone running around talking about if things """"spark joy"""""""	joy
Omg I love it	love
Conversion to make gay people straight. It's horrifying	fear
What a pathetic reply. I know we’re all supposed to be nice here but c’mon.	sadness
I can't believe people are saying [NAME] should have been saved, she knew like 10% of the words	surprise
It hurts to snap out of that denial and face the truth your loved ones are dead... I guess.	sadness
Im color blind, i usually see blue as purple and red as green soo...	sadness
I love people like this that don't understand how taxes work...	love
That's really sad. I used to live not far from there and spent a lot of time in that park. Fished in those ponds many times.	sadness
Wow fuk I'm watching that right now	surprise
Sad thing is, I wanted to, but I’m stupidly awkward...	sadness
I love the way he starts kicking the guy while holding the 2 Ak's	love
Get outta here and delete your post cause you're sure gonna look dumb in front of a lot of people other than me.	anger
Sadly the minimum wage in Virginia is only $7.25 an hour so that definitely would not be enough.	sadness
Had a baby before, those movements should be the last of your worries	sadness
Oh my good lord. I just somethinged over his highlight reel.	surprise
I dunno, I love me some barrel-aged spirits and ales.	love
Quit being racist. They're just being racists.	anger
What she is doing is child abuse, plain and simple. Fight with everything you have to protect your kids. 	anger
I'm getting old. :/	sadness
Just like you can't underestimate the capacity for evil, you can't underestimate the capacity for stupidity 	anger
I LOVE this.	love
I BELIEVE! I am sad that likely no one else will see it besides me...	sadness
I went through that phase, I was quite depressed. 	sadness
Ah true blue love	love
It's a Falling In Reverse song, which makes it even more terrifying	fear
Man that’s cool, I like this sub. You’re a cool mod	love
"""""""Help! It's an educated brown woman! Help meeeeee!"""""""	sadness
ITS MAM!	anger
That's what I was wondering too.	surprise
Burn it!	anger
“My Girlfriend, [NAME] has returned! Greetings my love!” ~[NAME], 2012. 	love
What a weird and slightly creepy thing to come to mind as a reaction to this video. /s Edit: apparently indicating my sarcasm was necessary here.	fear
Right there with you. 20 years together and suddenly its over. I'm tired of crying and hurting. We'll get through this.	sadness
Very sad news for the man. Widespread travel disruption is expected for the evening commute	sadness
What a REPOST! STOP REPOSTING THINGS PEOPLE LITERALLY JUST POSTED.	anger
I've grown to love this idea the more I think about it. It'd be amazing if it came down to [NAME] and [NAME] as the final two	love
Instant fucking turn off, ugh. Fuck us for wanting equality across the spectrum	anger
LETS FUCKING GOOOOO	anger
I can’t believe I’m agreeing with [NAME].	surprise
Loved that show, but [NAME] put me right off it. Like fingernails down a chalk board.	love
> I know I should feel happy why	joy
Since i have no one i choose u op to reach out to I love you fellow human pls always smile friend have the happiest of lives	love
well guys it was fun. [NAME] passed up the open three ffs	joy
Omg this.. completely relatable and depressing.. yay for us.	sadness
You commie bastard	anger
I'm 34 and disappointing my mother is still my greatest fear.	fear
One of the 7 dwarfs is called happy	joy
Wow so you really are pro-abuse huh	surprise
I miss mass Rez her new ult is horrendous	fear
Happy New Year to you, too!	joy
Omg the etsy side hustle. I have time to do that, and it fulfills me so much	joy
It is sad they didn't have a 4k highspeed camera running on this... I feel like the world lost an amazing possibility	sadness
Phoenix sunrises and sunsets have been nice the past week with all the clouds and rain - beautiful shot!	joy
Bad news dude. You're almost 100 years past that.	sadness
[NAME] woke up, it was all a dream, he was really looking forward to King [NAME] visiting Winterfell. They had a good time	joy
I wonder if your mother is proud of the person you became	surprise
>[NAME] loves people For dinner?	love
_warm and fuzzy feelings..._ Damn it, I'm getting all sentimental again...	sadness
"""""""A lion never stretches before it hunts."""" ... Glad to see he's already on board with Green Bays injury first mindset. """	joy
"""*""""Wow""""*"""	joy
I'm from Buenos Aires, and I say kill 'em all!	anger
"""""""We're sorry, all circuits are busy now due [NAME] lost keys, try your call again"""""""	sadness
I should have said without nuts in hindsight, but this woman was ready to kill. Gotta love hospitality sometimes.	love
same but with cats. Puppies are really high maintenance and make me angry when i have to take care of them.	anger
That poor kid. That is going to cause some issues for them as well down the road.	sadness
I like that!	love
Trial by jury of my peers is honestly my worst fear	fear
I'm so happy to hear you've recovered. Can I ask: are you able to maintain a healthy, stable romantic relationship?	joy
You’d be surprised how often that works though	surprise
I am stunned	surprise
That's really the only standard of your life, whether or not it makes liberals furious? Sad.	sadness
I like you	love
I love when they send in the wrong meat, it’s only happened to me once,	love
> If you love that you probably also love no man sky's algorithm. I loved it back then, because it was the only game. 	love
The children are still being abused, neglected and treated like rubbish. White Australian policy has been horrific and continues to be horrific.	anger
An afternoon of Big Cat vs Vol Twitter will be fun	joy
or a horrible night of 15/4/4	fear
The fuck? Come from nothing, now something doesn't matter? 	anger
Its what keeps me going, I couldn't hurt my friends and family i love them too much	love
[NAME], my eyes are hurting from how furiously they're rolling in my sockets right now.	sadness
> and no one but angry community fanboys have pushed back against his statements.	anger
Then he stabbed like five cops and hid in a haystack	fear
I like the head bounce. He can ask the concussion to hold his beer, it will be strong...	love
The dryer sounds like a fire hazard to me.	fear
OMG I totally forgot about that episode. What a nightmare	surprise
i actually like adore (maybe I’m uneducated oof) what has she done?	love
I love hearing other peoples stories about being high as hell watching drag race or being high on this sub. Y'all are my people.	love
Shut up 15 year-old	anger
I'm so glad you got your angel back. Also she is trying to monopolize DHs free time.	joy
"""CREEP FACTOR MIDNIGHT """"virgins gonna be scared"""""""	fear
I’m surprised alcohol isn’t entirely sold by the state like it is in many states in the East.	surprise
Yep, hell of a listener	anger
Really? Cuz hella 18 year olds with bad grades from my high school seemed to do it with ease.	surprise
I love how happy he looks while listening to tool.	love
You sure its not just the host quitting which disconnects everybody? Happens all the time and its incredibly frustrating.	anger
I like [NAME] suit less the more I see it in action.	love
Glad there's someone on here with a little sanity.	joy
You know I asked once and he was livid. But sometimes I wonder.	surprise
I scored 9 points... I totally love it that everybody is sweating ;D	love
Shut up nerd	anger
Man I love how venezuela is a dictatorship when it has 4.5 times less prisoners per capita than the US	love
I’d go back to the 1996 season. That’s the last time we were in crazy cold territory.	joy
I love how happy the dog looks in this pic. 😊	love
omg so quirky	surprise
Hey [NAME]! **TRY DRAWING TWO CARDS NOW, YOU STUPID FUCKING BASTARD!!**	anger
Really surprised I had to come this far down to find this!	surprise
Shows you that one must never underestimate the rust caused by ACL injuries	sadness
I love it	love
So that's how people get their cars sideways in those crazy pictures. I'd always wondered.	surprise
:( im sorry	sadness
Oh no, [NAME] baby! WHAT is you doing?	surprise
love that they're giving Spicy P a chance	love
Ooh I like that one :)	love
love seeing his kids too more [NAME] and [NAME] pls!!!	love
Luckily I don’t like beer so I don’t have to worry about that.. but my love for bread more than makes up for that!	joy
We will never survive with 5% unemployment with moderate growth and a continued house building program to correct supply. Sounds horrendous	fear
>it is fleshy I am horrified to learn that my flesh is fleshy	fear
You took a HUGE risk. He paid....now be ready for payback time!	anger
My anger, up 50%. 	anger
I love people watching from the balcony here	love
Wait, what? You're a gamer who's never even heard of TB?	surprise
I like him	love
I love how defeatist we've all become.	love
You too. Glad to hear your respectful voice again	joy
"""I think the saddest thing here is that he thinks """"by-my-self"""" is how to write that."""	sadness
I like this story way better than parvo.	love
I love this sub. You are my people. ;)	love
Life must be difficult for her then, I'm surprised she can leave her home. Hopefully she finds help if she wants it. 	surprise
Im at the game,somebody please put me out of my misery 	sadness
The amount of hate that [RELIGION] people get in the world is absolutely staggering.	surprise
Dude I don’t even know what that guys deal is, but honestly, I feel bad for him	sadness
What's it matter where this came from? It fits every content guideline and we're enjoying it.	joy
Who’s fucking a shark !?	anger
🤷🏼‍♀️ I was wondering the same thing. It looked almost like a teriyaki.	surprise
Wha? I'd love more background on this.	love
I hate waking up. Being asleep doesn’t last long enough. Being asleep is so peaceful.	anger
I love happy endings.	love
"""She loves to scream """"[NAME]"""" during anal."""	love
You can get so much money from hunting. Fishing is probably the best method if you’re grinding but I actually enjoy hunting	joy
The last thing you wanted for your child, but they inevitably choose it. Funny that.	joy
Loved this video so much! [NAME] is my favorite and her pups crack me up!	love
I love how you worded this comment. It's like a proverb.	love
I’m glad not too much time was put into this	joy
IMAGINE ABOUT TO LOSE TO LAKERS W/O LEBRON, I FCKING LOVE THIS TEAM	love
It's a miracle	surprise
Something would go terribly wrong for [NAME] causing him to have to leave. It’s how his ability works.	fear
i have this comic and I love this bit!	love
Wow that was a roasting... Deserved, but daaaaamn [NAME]	surprise
HELL YEAH!!! And in only 7 months?? That’s such an achievement!	surprise
I fucking love ten min power hour xD	love
Hahaha good point!	joy
Born in Jersey, live in Kansas. I love my Lions. I was also 5, hated the Giants and liked the Lions unis. 	love
No worries, glad I could help. Just pleased I started learning to read!	joy
What the fuck are you talking about	anger
The word nourish makes me cringe now tbh	fear
I hate from the bottom of my heart, when animals behave like this..	anger
I un-ironically love that song	love
Love to see pics like this.	love
I'm so glad the Ontario government sold off that money pit. /s	joy
Not happy.	sadness
No apologies needed, beer loving friend!	love
Heh, [NAME] costume love is being triggered.	love
I'm so broke that I'd take if you're still looking. I'm a guy though.	sadness
Find a girl who loves you *and* your eye holes.	love
Wow, this is my trashy goals in life. This woman is living out my dreams.	surprise
Motherfucker!!	anger
Just cleared normal mode! I'm having a lot of fun xD	joy
Lucky you, some people have all the love 	love
He had been so worried that the stepmom would have a hard time integrating into the family.	fear
No problem! Happy to help :)	joy
This is me today, I have to do a 1-2 MINUTE presentation and I’m freaking out about it	anger
I'm more surprised the dash cam was functioning properly. Usually around these incidents 3 of them were not recording and one had the lens cap on...	surprise
[NAME] leans so far forward when he skates we love a king of physics and momentum 😤	love
me too! a guy a few posts up as well... I wonder how many of us we need for a class action lawsuit	surprise
Much more badass than the union suit.	anger
Fuckkkkk I'm doing Psychology lmfao, am I gonna fail at life now? 	anger
Pleasure!:)	joy
With punctuation like that I'm surprised you're not from Jordanhill	surprise
Mine once went 6 hours overdue. It was horrible. Big hugs to you. Drink all the wine you can find!	fear
I had so many avatars named after Star Wars characters on Millsbury. I miss it 😭😭😭	sadness
Glad I’m on my way out through ATL instead!	joy
"""""""I love ya, Mom"""". Man, if I was his mom I'd knock him into next week."""	love
I'm honestly surprised. We should have fallen much farther	surprise
My bitch dun left me All alone She took mah squeeky ball And mah rasty bone	anger
The worst thing they risk is having to become a worker.	anger
I remember hearing a story about this type of highway camaraderie once from a trucker who helped a woman escape a man... wonder if it was your mom	surprise
my soul has long been destroyed :( it’s over for us nosoulcels	sadness
Totally. I loved when she used air quotes for the word “fiancé.”	love
Obligatory fuck the dodgers	anger
Wasn't expecting these feels man. I'm so sorry for your loss!	sadness
I’ve never cringed so hard	fear
Fuck the rangers	anger
You smug fuck	anger
I love these blobs, would have done the same thing	love
I’ve made candies almonds and cashews in a slow cooker before. They’re surprisingly not mushy or soggy.	surprise
I'm so glad Mercy's have to actually try now.	joy
[RELIGION] Match all the way! I met the love of my life :-)	love
Oh man... my grandparents on both sides of the family have passed away and it was tough... we’re here for you	sadness
"""Oh, I stand corrected -half a million people is """"almost no one"""". Bloody hell mate. """	anger
Embrace the feels my friend. Glad you found happiness even if it is fleeting.	joy
Worst president ever.	anger
For sure...sometimes I feel like I will just evaporate into nothingness as the stranger in the mirror looks on.	sadness
We have seven fucking billion and more people bork every day !!	anger
This is truly terrifying.	fear
You've been a sad boi around here for the last week straight, you'd do well to take a break.	sadness
"""I love the need for HAES and setpoints and special illnesses in normalizing fatness - because it's not like they can comfortably label marginalization """"gluttonophobia""""."""	love
Correct What the fuck is the AAF is what im asking.	anger
I love how [NAME] touted the Hong Kong model as something beneficial. What a joke.	love
its ok, glad i watched the show, i enjoyed it.	joy
Surprise! That fat woman you see on the bus every day is actually this generation's [NAME].	surprise
I wonder why they're single?	surprise
What the fuck is wrong with this?!?!?!??? FUCKKKKKKKK!!!!!	anger
[NAME] damn, that is the kind of biting commentary I enjoy.	joy
I like Tom and Kato.	love
So glad to hear they got banned. Can't believe adults can still behave like that.	surprise
[NAME] wore shoes and killed millions. For [NAME] like me, people who wear shoes have become a symbol of hatred and murder.	anger
Break ups are painful and there’s no way to avoid that. Be honest with your current girl and end it.	sadness
I'm kinda afraid to ask but did anyone reply?	fear
What a load of old shite.	anger
I hate when MoonWolf1-799 is taken.	anger
My wife enjoys marking me. We just make sure they are below the collar line.	joy
Brah me and my fat family would of loved all that butter.	love
Oh my goodness, I'm so glad you were there too. You made his day suck a little less. 	joy
i love you.	love
25 m from Canada! out for 10 years now! I'd love to make a new penpal!	love
It’s all the anger, it ages her terribly 	anger
To me the cringe is the American woman's love for his fascism. (since no one knew what was happening to the [NAME] in 1936)	love
Doctor is Spy! ~Grunt, too late.	surprise
I'm shocked. You mean to say the economic model adopted by every single financially successful country on the planet actually works? /S	surprise
Nope. No joke. Also happy cake day	joy
aw momma big hugs.	love
Happy one week anniversary	joy
I am 33 and I still regret things I said in the 5th grade.	sadness
[NAME] damn I love [NAME].	love
It is an absolutely horrible ultimate I agree after 400 hours on doom I still hate it	fear
That looks lovely, but what’s the mutant on the top?	love
Pleased to meet you. Hope you guess my name.	joy
Someone will actually spend their money on this too, that’s the sad part	sadness
> Crab Rave Ayyy I've never seen this before I kinda wanna go but seems scary.	fear
How did this not get marked as meta? Tried posting something similar here and it was instantly flagged as “meta commentary about the sub” and blocked.	surprise
Oh look, someone who doesn't understand how living languages work.	surprise
The app trio is the only thing worthwhile there. Won ton tacos +boneless wings + spinach dip and I'm a happy camper.	joy
Comic sans to seal the deal. Love it.	love
Orange fan sad. :(	sadness
Oh my god Del Monico. Horrific. Even the ambient smell in the hallways makes me gag.	fear
How many gallons do we need is my favorite so far. The sad part is that it was always pleasant.	sadness
Trust me, I'd love to have foreskin but there's some sort of weird thing going on here involving circumcision.	love
BUT 3 MILLION VOTES!	surprise
I couldn’t believe my ears. she’s unbelievable.	surprise
I was wondering the same thing	surprise
If you use one of those two I automatically hate you	anger
Some girls will like you, some girls won't. The end.	love
She isn't disrespectful like [NAME] but she's also a cheater and she's making ridiculous excuses for her cheating	anger
"""Each Dark Souls game has been voted """"Most Likely to Result in Controller Damage""""."""	anger
I called an ambulance for my friend without knowing it was against her wishes. She never blamed me but I felt really bad about it.	sadness
I was love bombed, then ghosted... and it broke me	love
Also [NAME] just tweeted about voting for [NAME] as well, they truly do love him	love
Curse them out.	anger
>very creepy horror-themed Very accurate description and only from a few second piece of an audio recording	fear
We like what we like.	love
I'm REALLY glad the guy saved him but seeing him so pitiful and scared really lingers with me. :(	fear
I dont think [NAME] or [NAME] said a word during this exchange. Like umm, yeah we actually love our wives and want to be with them. 	love
Right? It was frustrating (and concerning) that he used such bad reasoning when his job is to curb phishing :/	anger
I'll miss [NAME]	sadness
"""Couldn't really fit this as a """"how to,"""" does that mean I have to go to jail now? Source: """	fear
It makes me feel good. Wholesome is a very subjective thing.	joy
Gungrabbers? You act like they're busting in your door and taking your guns. No one is forcing you to do this.	anger
True Story! That's the sad Part of it...	sadness
Twas a joke ❤️	joy
Well I hope so, I work in a pawnshop in a not great part of town and I'd love to be able to carry	love
I'm not surprised to read this within the sub it's in. Bunch of knuckle dragging storm troopers WOULD be angry to see people liberate themselves. XD	anger
No I’m happy to spend big on myself. I’m not happy to spend my money on layabout benefits claimants.	joy
There's a surprising amount of [NAME] in this thread.	surprise
Yay we start off with the love triangle!	love
"""""""cool little surprise"""" ow youtubers: NEW HERO NEW SKINS NEW MAPS NEXT WEEK?!"""	surprise
i love this i am big fun of cross over and Lore Skin	love
Hahaha aww Noo I love Belfast! One of my favourite cities hands down	love
Enough already. I'm sorry that the breakup is going to be painful, but you can do much better. 	sadness
For the [NAME] I always love our deep ACC Tourney runs. I’d love a regular season championship though	love
It's so focused on the presenter and he is so unengaging it's painful.	sadness
I've had such bad memories, I remember when I remember bad times now! Haha	sadness
Quite surprised I wasn’t on there	surprise
ONLY FUCKING MERRILL WOULD MISS THAT	anger
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** slumbishop! ^(hug)	joy
OMG. The company logo reminded me of something. AAAAAAAAAAAH.	surprise
As bad as the session was, I really do love your drow bard she sounds super fun to play with	love
They come to your house and rob you at gun point. Be honest. What are some ways that this could be resolved?	fear
No, but I might choose to not support certain teams because their owners are trash.	anger
Shut up, or you'll be tossed off the roof!	anger
[NAME] lives. Obviously you can quote me on that, because i just said it. [NAME] dies. [NAME] dies. Fuck [NAME]. 	anger
"""Its actually """"[NAME]"""" , not """"[NAME]"""".. Sounds like a drunk to me. Glad to hear nothing horrible happened """	joy
The guy just loves drama	love
Otherwise it would be a terrible disservice to the NHL	sadness
As an autism mum, I can’t thank you enough. ❤️	love
I wasn’t even expecting the reply that’s why I’m literally bamboozled.	surprise
The fact half the level has no fucking music is a real pain.	sadness
I genuinely cannot believe [NAME] didn't get fired years ago. It shocks me more than [NAME].	surprise
[NAME]? Rape? I am shocked I tell you! SHOCKED!	surprise
Skypeia in One Piece has literally nothing to do with the main plot but I loved it. It also gave us the single greatest reaction image.	love
> ...he was afraid for his life... I see he has mastered the magic incantation.	fear
They love me!	love
Oh fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck RIGHT OFF!!!!!	anger
[NAME] freaking [NAME] all the people down range just staring. -_- GO INSIDE DUMBASSES.	anger
Ah [NAME] I love this post!	love
Love the use of ginormous ... so true	love
After reading a lot of replies you should bee ashamed of yourself. This thread is a hive of bad puns and references.	anger
Lmao what's the difference neither one is refrigerated. People are fucking stupid	anger
I love Crimson Skies.... That's a completely fucked thing to do.	love
OHHHH, I like where Richmond is going with that.	joy
mtv has agreed to take some of the load by having them on...i wonder if they get paid per appearance or flat season fee.	surprise
DEMOCRATSPF ARE LITERALLY HITLER!!!!	anger
As much as I love the dodgers, I can’t see them in the World Series 3 times in a row... so yeah, backwards.	love
And what a fuckton of karma it was. It’s fake stories like this that really prove that communism is the far superior economic system.	anger
Love this show :)	love
Sadly the Request a Book of [RELIGION] requires a phone number now. But if you have theirs it might work;	sadness
Love u too booboo	love
If it was super easy to get citizenship. I would love to.	love
I turned the news on around 6 this morning and have never been so happy to have a commute of 4 miles to my job	joy
Ahh you must be speaking of M & W Industries! I know it well I'll never forget the smell of pickles.	joy
Wow misleading title.. Ffs	surprise
"""The loving mother referred to her son as """"the one with acne"""". He's better off."""	love
I will upvote any gif that has [NAME] as Dr. [NAME] in it. I loved her performance in Maniac.	love
That should be fun. I may have call in sick tomorrow. Lots of Bournemouth fans including my boss.	joy
I'm just here to say fuck [NAME]	anger
Yeah man, fuck the man. Can’t have people getting free stuff or have any creative marketing ideas.	anger
Because the false accusation makes my anxiety worse	anger
I'm a Bioware fanboy so obviously biased. I even enjoyed Andromeda. Haha.	joy
I love trying new foods for the most part	love
I would suffer a heat stroke or die of diarrhea	sadness
"""""""I suffer from a very sexy learning disability. What do I call it, [NAME]?"""""""	sadness
He might be happy to discover that he is the father of someone with superpowers! LOL	joy
As a fellow browns fan, unfortunate enough to be born into a browns family and in ohio... Hello sharer of a lifetime of heartbreak.	sadness
oh man another year	surprise
She clearly was too afraid to speak up.	fear
Omgz rite?!!1 updoots!	surprise
It wouldn’t even have been a month yet though... I can’t believe this bootlicking nonsense is upvoted here. [NAME] supporters everywhere these days smh	surprise
Well this is terrifying.	fear
I guess I can see that, especially cuz [NAME] has connections with TMZ and they love drama between two people	love
I love the fsct [NAME] liked this. [NAME] can suck it.	love
Kid has a disease/condition where his skin falls off at the slightest touch	sadness
I love the bus so much.	love
This just makes me angry.	anger
I am so sorry those kind of people make me sick	sadness
We had a long debate about how old Jackie bird is and as per every year were surprised by the result. Was pish	surprise
Hell yeah. Enjoy your new bachelor life son!	joy
that number 3 is soooo familiar and sad.	sadness
Lucky I caught people reacting on twitter. For some reason I thought this game as at 6 PM.	joy
You can say what you want about USM, but we love our baseball.	love
...what? You're far more concerned with the o line than signing [NAME].	surprise
I always love her reaction. She acts like life is over.	love
70 year old me doesn't give a fuck just piss or get off the pot!	anger
The sad thing is his is still glitched. Just a couple days ago I died from [NAME] lightsaber about 5 seconds after someone else killed him.	sadness
I'm so sorry, please stay strong and know you're loved 	love
[NAME] passing is worse than usual. It's alright, but god damn is it painful to watch.	sadness
I’m shocked that no one got whooshed by this comment	surprise
Literally loving this. Where are all the guys like you irl?!	love
I don't swallow toothpaste idiot	anger
Those are horrible things to say to a child, let alone a 3 yr old. I would be pissed!	fear
That goes both ways, their adrenaline and determination would also be through the fucking roof.	anger
I really like Funhaus	love
I like mother lode in weho. A bit loud but actively un-douchy.	love
I'll second this notion. One of the first things to go is texting when I start getting sad.	sadness
I was expecting this to go MUCH worse than it did and I’m so glad my imagination wasn’t right.	joy
HAHAHAHA I'M AN ASSHOLE	anger
I was sad when the Hawks lost [NAME] but this Schottenheimer guy seems pretty cool.	sadness
Oh I love flirtationships! This is normally us, but work takes us to a long distance relationship half of the year. 	love
Glad to hear it. Love Rapid City.	love
We needed some way to torture a guy so a religion can be created.	anger
Once you love someone with a mental illness, you would do anything for that power to heal. 	love
Screw DBs swill, their creepy Children of God (cult) employees, and the traffic mess it creates on Rural in Tempe	anger
I love it. More bad blood. Cod esports baby!!	love
Super creepy. And leaving the note is out of line	fear
Tool fan from the U.S. here. Something seems off about this question. Cheers, mate!	joy
I'd love to have [NAME] on our team....	love
It depresses me that the Carousel revamp has been a popular answer. Thats not a change, that a sliding scale adjustment.	sadness
I dunno. I like her.	love
Shut up cowpoke	anger
Hey man. A lot of people have criminals in their family. That doesn’t mean they are I think you need to take a step back	anger
Your using emotionl blackmail. Does the vet save cancer or destroy cancer? [NAME] = Vet. Your using babies and all sorts of things to manipulate. Vets only do the right thing.	anger
One of my favorite shows of all time.	love
They are a couple in love so what's your beef.	love
My son is ten months. I hope we have this relationship when he turns 14. Congrats on your lovely teen ♥️	love
Oh and now vini is down	surprise
Why is this getting downvoted. I love Meepo so much. :(	sadness
Glad we cleared this up	joy
Pilots omg... you are not alone there!	surprise
Do you have a source for this claim. Seems promising but would love to dig into it.	love
Yes for sure! Please let me know how your job venture goes! :) would love to hear your experience.	love
aww hell no. This fucking ad	anger
You're an uneducated twat.	anger
I liked [NAME]...	love
I'm afraid that will leave Britain no better. Can't imagine the ruckus if remain wins.	fear
I always loved the voice he did here.	love
How stupid are you, if you dont réalize it’s staged 	anger
Hope you had fun atleast; it's amazing to see up close in person compared to the camera.	joy
I lost a six pack this way once. For a good year every traffic stop became a field sobriety test.	sadness
It's called a fullstop in England. My fucking immersion in this meme is ruined.	anger
I did not know that! I love me some quality evil dead	love
Fuck off.	anger
I Can't Believe It's Not Butter.	surprise
I <3 you!	love
Nae bother, Happy to bring musical joy in to any household.....	joy
Slap her hand if she is trying to force you to do anything! Tell her not to put her hands on you, and enforce it every time. 	anger
Denver will pay for bus fare so homeless people can come live here And we love it! That's where the tents come from!	love
Glad to see that [NAME] no more is a fellow r/Atheist user and anti-Peterson	joy
You leave [NAME] the fuck alone.	anger
Good riddance. I'm surprised it lasted that long. [NAME] is trash.	surprise
Sorry for your loss 😣	sadness
 ### A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one 	surprise
YEAAAAHH!!!!YEAAAAHHH!!!!...oh, here ya go, doom-di-doom...	anger
Yeah, the big thing I'm glad is he hasn't ballooned up. 	joy
Makes us wonder what its going to be like for my children's generation..	surprise
Don't just distance yourself, BLOCK them	anger
I enjoyed watching the crazy old man being dragged out at the end.	joy
Bless you this post made me cry	sadness
Here, here. Cheers to starting fresh!	joy
He looked so sad when he was talking about how it feels to be getting criticised 😢.	sadness
I was also bullied at work. I was on lithium for a while. You're not alone.	sadness
Megagrindr, and I love it.	love
What's even worse: the deciding voter refused to support the subway because he was strangely obsessed with a horse & buggy transit plan from 1858.	anger
Bro, highmountain looking sick	sadness
I guess but we love each other.	love
I liked it better when [NAME] was half naked	love
I loved [NAME] so much	love
But come on babe, you know you want me babe...l.o.l. JK Babe ;)	love
Sir the fuck down. This is an intervention, we need to talk.	anger
I hate his hoist a shit shot and throw your legs forward so you can draw a foul on the defender for crowding your landing space.	anger
I love how this sub is so sensitive. Some people just havent seen them IRL!	love
Pls end me	sadness
Motherfu... thanks for pointing that out!	anger
All of their Saints are psychotic idiot who died for nothing. People remember them as horrible people in death as they were in life.	fear
I can’t stand [NAME] but that was heartbreaking	sadness
Mmh, I love the smell of thought policing in the morning. 	love
You, I like you 	love
I absolutely love DCfC!	love
I like [NAME] as a person I just don’t want to see or hear any sexy times between her and [NAME].	love
Because he's attractive. Hence [NAME] come out in droves to defend him despite the fact he's a horrid asshole.	anger
Its almost as if everyone is too afraid to be politically incorrect to admit that height and race are a factor.	fear
I knew a guy named [NAME]. Always wondered what his middle name was.	surprise
That'd be fun! Meet at a bar and watch the show!	joy
Man being unattractive in appearance has pretty much taken any joy out of my life	sadness
"""[NAME] i love this """"no one can be THIS happy, what a horrible person he must be"""""""	fear
I wonder how big a problem this really is and what the cops' plan is.	surprise
Omg my 3yr old kept rubbing it all over his face the other day too!! 😆	surprise
I was shocked. They were talking earlier on the news about her losing by less than 100 being a victory, of sorts.	surprise
"""we have a """"righty"""" complaining about """"lefties"""" making up BS, while they make up BS... sad."""	sadness
That’s not a fucking card?!	anger
A beautiful poem for a beautiful thing. Happy cake day btw!	joy
The guy that waived a future hall of famer. Hard to get away from that decision.	sadness
I never had a problem with the old parachuting mechanic, but I like the new one and I think it might actually be better.	love
Was expecting a horrifically broken ankle. You have posted the actually unexpected	surprise
Right now I'm listening to Stand By Me, I'm liking it 	joy
Based on her other post she's young, pregnant and possibly homeless. Looking for help and advice.	sadness
Love it.	love
I see so many different worlds in this! Love it	love
Please, please, please don't do that to yourself. You'll end feeling worse when this guy leaves you. 	sadness
Am I the only one that wants to see your art?? I love calligraphy! You might have a client here!!	love
Yeah, sorry about that. I see it in so many post I thought it was almost a custom to do so.	sadness
glad you made the trip from a fellow austinite	joy
It’s so sad that i can play all these Zelda games on my 3DS but not my Switch. I have like 12 Zelda games on my 3DS	sadness
Feels good to be a Nets fan right now	joy
But it'll hurt	sadness
This sounds like borderline mental health issues. Scary.	fear
Man I hate that [NAME] guy.	anger
Shouldn't have insulted chungus like that, if I see you in the fog you gon get facecamped	anger
The left side attack of [NAME] [NAME] was woeful	sadness
The bourgeoisie elected courts were going to backtrack on all [NAME] economic reforms. Fuck those guys.	anger
I love when it drops, and the beat just stops. Feels like the musical equivalent to a cliffhanger 	love
It’s been good, made me able to function much much better. 	joy
I love this reply.	love
Made my day!	joy
"""Bloody forking shirtballs! This has to be some kind of """"The Good Place"""" / Bad Place repost robomod bullshort. """	anger
fucking seriously.	anger
Grandmas knees are burning up	sadness
I'm two weeks in, hope your right, I'm loving the game right now	joy
Ha, my husband goes out after you guys have done your thing and checks for himself, he's been burned too many times.	anger
Yeah but FGM is basically like cutting off the head of the penis entirely. I'm uncut myself but I get why people do it	anger
oh! I have more ships this time! Niice!	joy
Since when can a family member drive against other familymembers because you both own it? That would go horrible if that argument was valid! What the hell!	anger
Or you just get rejected and then not murdered and your anxiety worsens until you can no longer approach women or even men.	sadness
I was getting arrested and my dog run away from home like a bullet	sadness
I actually really like these, my little sister would be in love with these! 	love
Correct. I just enjoy debating them.	joy
[NAME] fucking [NAME], that man is enormous.	surprise
Short answer, fuck no, don't ever fall for it. Don't make the same mistake Canada has.	anger
Damn, I need to find this trade school which lets you make your personal animals	anger
""">""""Fuck it Im on my way out anyway"""" """"Fuck it Im on my way out to Seattle"""""""	anger
You and your lovable band of losers have already lost!	sadness
As someone who has been in a similar relationship, it is indeed emotional abuse.	sadness
I reported an old man for terrible driving and the police actually took it seriously (pleasantly surprised). It's worth a try!	surprise
After all that i expected it to not look terrible. Oh well.	fear
Or at least a couple more visits to the booth. I enjoyed hearing him adding to the banter.	joy
I feel bad for him and [NAME] i hate seeing the OGs fall #UNITEGAMING	sadness
We love you [NAME]	love
It didnt last long sadly	sadness
Gone but not forgotten. You will be missed, you will be forever loved.	love
This is something I try to do every day and it makes me feel so at peace	joy
That's really interesting! I've seen that happen before too	surprise
Maybe it's as dangerous for [NAME] to whip people up talking about treason and betrayal and all that as it is when [NAME] do it. Fancy that.	fear
I love the title of it - “Everything Is Going to Be Okay”	love
I liked the Celtics until I started following barstool.	love
Such a sad way to think of life all because these people believe there's something greater than this.	sadness
Mom.......MOTHERFUCKING CRACK	anger
I hate how much I love these and the Banquet brownies. Only redeeming part.	love
Cheese Most of my friends love cheese so much that I’m scared to tell them that I can barely even bring myself to eat it	fear
Freaky, more like creepy	fear
7am. I’ll be done at 3pm. I’d love that	love
I like that we get to see how varied artists are.	love
Oh you just love to see that	love
Wow I got a virus from just looking at this post	surprise
Animal Crossing made my wife into a vicious and abusive murderer.	sadness
Oof lmao sorry buddy	sadness
Yeah I'm actually pretty surprised that's not a thing yet, there's gotta be a lot of people working on it. 	surprise
I wonder if that child puts it on his resume.	surprise
Oh fuck off. Soooo...... when is [NAME] and the gang going to un mask [NAME] as President [NAME]?	anger
[NAME] what the hell is going on at hq	anger
Yep.... Have fun	joy
what are you scared of!	fear
Spa's Absolutely love a spa. A proper one with a variety of sauna/steam rooms etc. It helps that they're usually full of women too.	love
Fucking Instagram normies	anger
I’m sorry about your friend.	sadness
I like you [NAME] :)	love
It’s okay, my mom has always hated me and I’m fine.	sadness
Well I'm glad I decided to go to McD's instead of doing those lines!	joy
Seize all his property and assets. Redistribute to homeless and single mothers/fathers. He loves food banks, let him use them. 	love
I would love that, I kind of miss him	love
I’m wondering about those friends of hers that encouraged her to contact you..	surprise
This makes me so happy for you ♥️ I am glad you are getting the right kind of support you need!	joy
Yepp. I've struggled to hold a job so I'd be in trouble without it.	fear
That and customizable CSS makes me so happy. /r/Firefoxcss if you’re interested : )	joy
I got a weird vibe when he was placed on Colliton's staff, so I'm really glad it's turned out the way it did. 	joy
If you find it I'm definitely sending it to my sibling. There's a special love for the weird in my family	love
I use Lifesum too. I like the look of it more and I haven’t had any issues with it not working.	love
I love doxies. They're absolutely the best most pain in the ass wonderful loyal dogs.	love
I just love the fact that [NAME] is giving advice on Sex offenders	love
Yes, that was indeed the joke, I’m glad you got it ;)	joy
Well now I have [NAME] in my head for the morning! Love a bit of Northern soul.	love
Scary times we live in.	fear
This sounds like a toxic relationship for the both of you. Seems miserable... I’d hate to be in that relationship	anger
Love me some FA cup	love
“I hate rich people” - people using website made by rich person on a device made by a rich person.	anger
That opening is quite terrible tbh	fear
"""I absolutely love that idea """"BuT a CoP tOlD mE"""""""	love
*I love pressure. I eat it for breakfast.*	love
Oh no! That’s my favorite! Nothing like losing an organ to get you to eat healthier.	surprise
I love the claps after he fell 🤣	love
Wow, i never really understood how bad the star wars perecuelse really are till this moment.	surprise
I mean it makes sense, they're into [NAME] because they totally dig the horribly socially stunted types so they love [NAME] for horribly traumatizing her.	fear
But all this does is hurt the average person not the right way to raise money.	sadness
Just wondering why they called the cops but not an ambulance seeing as how he was covered in blood and disoriented.	surprise
[NAME] royally fucked up that last rotation. Also did [NAME] even get a single kill with their specialists ?	anger
My [NAME] accuses me of cheating all the time too when I’ve been nothing but loyal. Makes me wonder if she was cheating on me too...	sadness
I figured, just thought I’d throw it out there. Love you :)	love
I loved how proud [NAME] looked	love
I'm thinking he ment [NAME] but he's still a karma stealing whore.	anger
Oh well... I'll like both of you.	joy
Wow, ouch... 	surprise
Hate the taste, switched to a plastic nalgene bottle	anger
Have fun in the farmer's league.	joy
Poor kitty. All you can do is give her extra treats, playtime and cuddles. 	sadness
So sorry for your loss! I lost my cat 6 years ago in 2021 due to terminal autism. 😭😭	sadness
saved... i'll enjoy this video	joy
Unfriend this kid in all ways possible. Sucks for both of you, but this could be much worse. 	anger
I will be surprised if this actually has an impact. Just a few statements about the importance of the commitment to defeat ISIS and the withdrawal will continue.	surprise
[NAME] was pretty cool on The Challenge so I would love to see him on CBB.	love
How sad that you think because [NAME] wants something we should no longer want it. Grow up you child. Life does not revolve around you or [NAME].	sadness
What did we do to deserve [NAME]? Loved that guy since his buff days	love
I can't believe people voted us to beat Sydney. I've become extremely optimistic over the past few months and even i voted Sydney.	surprise
wow, you guys have a body language now?	surprise
Wow - never seen negative karma before I clicked on your name lol.	surprise
That’s depressing	sadness
She’s my girl crush	love
Watched it last night and as someone not generally into supernatural horror/thriller type stuff, I thought it was pretty damn enjoyable. 	joy
N00b account tosses insults - how surprising.	surprise
I’m not crying.. You’re crying!	sadness
I didn’t say for how long I’d been in it. :) Maybe it was made of ply board and garbage!	joy
i ended up crying and breaking down once i got to my friends house, i'm so sorry that happened to you as well :~( 	sadness
[NAME] that bottom picture. the brows mixed with the hair terrify me 😰	fear
I love how he said he was moving on and then didn't move on. Classic [NAME]!!	love
So you lucky you won as you work illegal teach. Glad you leave.	joy
How so? How do you keep stupid people from voting?	anger
Exactly. How that woman has survived two no confidence votes amazes me.	surprise
It worries me that there are people that miss the meaning of a subject by so much. Your critical thinking skills sadden me.	sadness
Yeah I love my friends and my own cats on drugs. They're the perfect buddies. I love being with them when I'm tripping.	love
Congratulations fellow lobster!!	joy
But...but...I just bought a new gun in Fallout '76.....and America is the centre of the universe!! :'(	sadness
I am so so happy for you. <3	joy
Block him and stop replying to his comments. Not worth it.	anger
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.	surprise
i can't believe i havent seen this before. well i was going to watch nosferatu tonight but change of plan	surprise
sorry. I don't want to put words in your mouth.	sadness
So happy to see [NAME] regaining his form... we had to sacrifice [NAME] for it, but i’m okay with that...	joy
I like you both.	love
I'm glad you can relate. I'm glad in a really alienated, empty way. But glad, still. Probably.	joy
Aquaria just lost her shit when the Cup Toss challenge went awry	sadness
Future MILs love LOVE love getting on Reddit though.	love
mmmmm.... love me some kapusta with some bacon bits	love
As a non-religious that’s fascinated by [RELIGION], I love this 😅.	love
No we're getting Kinsler and be happy with it	joy
“What a bummer. He ded. I look at sky. Maybe bird make me happy.”	joy
I know North America is a big place but I wonder what it will take to see similar crowds in cities over here.	surprise
[NAME] from ZoE and [NAME] from TTGL. Actually fuck all that [NAME] from The Big O is where it's at.	anger
I hate roundabouts. For some reason road designers have a fetish for them as more and more are popping up. For cyclist they are rings of death	anger
Crazy how before the offseason everyone was talking 350-400 mill deals for [NAME] and [NAME] as if that was all but inevitable	surprise
I used to build a ramp and jump over other kids on my bike ala [NAME]... I was amazed at the time.	surprise
Since I was a kid I knew I preferred funny, smart, interesting girls to conventionally attractive ones. Really tore me up the feeling wasn't mutual.	sadness
New flavour! I love it!	love
Wow. That is shockingly uncool.	surprise
I like [NAME] but he's got bizarre mechanics on his jumper and no arc.	love
Proof of [NAME] love for mankind, beer and dogs. Love both and abuse neither.	love
Yeah, turns out there are some SNEAKY Grizzlys there that can surprise even a dog.	surprise
Wyrmwood was extremely my shit and I loved every second of it.	love
Love the laugh at the end	love
Happy Birthday!! It was great seeing her at the Royal Rumble and SmackDown.	joy
[NAME] TAKE MY HEART	love
The sad part is that we are not trying to tank	sadness
It is so refreshing to have [NAME] gone.	joy
the tears of unfathomable sadness ... mmm yummy!	sadness
I'd love if Sony use [NAME] as [NAME] in a Venom movie. I want [NAME]	love
I love how the girl on her phone in the background sees what happened but just doesn’t care...must happen all the time.	love
*what the fuck*	anger
Made me so angry to read that, I almost downvoted your comment. Upvoted, for sure. Grr! 	anger
I'm just glad they'll chill out in the main sub, they were swarmin.	joy
Where in that sentence did I mention US backed CIA coups? You're fucking shameless.	anger
The only life that needs to be ended here is the life of the guy that raped your daughter. Abortion is just medicine	anger
We could cure child cancer and pictures like this would still make me happier	joy
Well glad she got out of the situation safely. I would much rather NOT have to investigate and know someone is safe.	joy
Ahem. There are those who think that life Has nothing left to chance A host of holy horrors To direct our aimless dance	sadness
This. I saw a life pro tip a couple weeks ago about this. I cant believe how clean my kitchen has gotten.	surprise
Please no, I have a family!!!	fear
I don't wish abortions on any woman. It's a terrible thing to endure. Necessary, sure, but it's still grim.	fear
Thats a move i havent seen before	surprise
I grew up in the upper peninsula of Michigan so I love the ShopKo reference because those stores are usually in places with depressed economies.	love
I’m really high and laughed too hard at this video, normally I would feel really bad for the old fella.	joy
His 2 point shooting has been bad this season atleast he is still staying aggressive	anger
Absolutely no one was surprised at her choice to run in 2016...	surprise
I arbitrarily hate poo-lice Get OUT OF MY POO	anger
Take your upvote, you no good bastard.	anger
I'd love to see [NAME] in a 4-3 to be honest.	love
Not the right sub, I'm afraid.	fear
Especially mean! I’m with you. I like the funny posts but people use social media as an excuse to just be horrible people	love
Every time I think about how close we were to getting [NAME] it hurts a little bit more...	sadness
Wait.....What? You do know that's not how it works, right?	surprise
Wow I never noticed that either before you pointed it out	surprise
**LOVE TO HEAR IT B**	love
It infuriates me how many layers of tape these things have sometimes.	anger
This made me incredibly happy and incredibly sad. Sometimes this universe robs us of the wrong people.	sadness
Sooooo happy for you.	joy
Hate that scene? Believe it or not, jail. 	anger
Racism is as racism does - so yeah, goin' out and willfully doing racist shit is indeed racist. Not too hard to grasp.	anger
I’m also glad I’m not the only one that swears a lot at the bastard objects.	joy
You are one pathetic human being.	sadness
A few months ago I would have loved that idea. Hard pass now.	love
If we don’t get [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], or [NAME]..... I’ll be so sad 	sadness
I love [NAME], but I'd trade him for equal time at equal cost from Trout before I took half a breath.	love
_Ooh, it looks like we just sold the last one earlier today_	joy
This is not a comedy subreddit. It is a subreddit about the unexpected.	surprise
Worse, he murdered King [NAME] in the most cowardly way possible. Both in the books and the show. 	anger
Omg a drop pass worked. 👀	surprise
The nerve of that [NAME] album on his wall. I still can’t believe he has a child.	surprise
Wow. Some people are so stupid. But if it was me I would have opened the door and at least put it inside the doorway.	surprise
"""I am glad I found this subreddit """"gatekepping"""" is a phenomenon vocab btw."""	joy
I feel this but I also sympathize with mentalcels because I’m mentally ill and it makes me feel even worse.	sadness
He looked like he fell in love	love
Hard to describe, but I get a more relaxed sleep with cbd.	joy
Alexa play Sad!	sadness
You have devoted yourself to this guy and he thinks you would be a bad mom. Fuuuuuuuck this guy. You deserve better.	anger
I'm surprised no one posted a Meat thread yet...	surprise
Wow, this is terrifying.	fear
I could crush him like a bug right now.	anger
So uncharacteristic for an INTJ but country music is my favorite genre!	love
How aren’t you in fucking school	anger
The last message was particularly painful to read	sadness
Definitely accurate, lasted about a month total in a Disney “internship” program... was more like slavery. Terrible experience that ruined Disney for me	fear
I hate to be that guy, but there are 6’0” + women	anger
it made me cry too when [NAME] return to her older self😢	sadness
Well said, being alone is a stronger feeling than love! 	love
It’s a wonder [NAME] didn’t get more duis with the amount he needed to drink	surprise
The soft glam palette from ABH, because almost everyone loves it. And I love it too. I am actually loving it more than my modern renaissance 😊	love
Kindly shut your pie hole.	anger
The rams seem pretty happy with [NAME].	joy
I love assault	love
23 minutes! Omg that's too long	surprise
Oops! The lack of free trade caused the death of 20 Million proletariat!	sadness
We don’t “know” but it was reported he is expected to stay on. Really glad about it	joy
I hope this guy got found and fired. That's way too dangerous. He could have easily killed someone.	fear
My favourite commentator on this game	love
Love this guy. I think he will end up being super good this year.	love
My fav character	love
Well, since everything in Australia wants to kill you, I'd say it is quite healthy to be afraid of Australian spiders, and other flora and fauna 	fear
Unfortunately, we live in 21st century America, where this kind of behavior ensures that they will both be given high-paying jobs at CNN.	sadness
As The Pot Bro's always say. When the Cops ask you questions. Shut the fuck up.	anger
Man I'm sad, he was my favorite [NAME] when he left ([NAME] heir apparent) and I was ecstatic when he returned	sadness
the fuck is wrong with this guy	anger
I'd love to do that one day	love
Wow are you saying political agitators will drum up a controlled crisis and disseminate the edited video through a foreign fake twitter account	surprise
I feel personally attacked.	sadness
Holy shit, if my siblings had roomates i wouldnt be shocked if you were talking about them.	surprise
Heyyy bear hug!	joy
[NAME] BREAK THE GAME. WHY HAVE YOU GIVEN ALL THE KILLERS A FUCKTON OF THEM. ITS SO DAMN STUPID.	anger
Yup if you’re ahead and just want to spam actives I enjoy it with an upgraded cursed ankh to really hurt healing based teams	joy
You love your joke!	love
What, again? This stupid country!	anger
I love when [NAME] is a bit more bias with a call when [NAME] isn't. Always makes me giggle.	love
I've removed your post for witch hunting. Please be mindful of that in the future.	anger
Dear Lord [NAME]...... loving those numbers!	love
Damn, I’d love to own a stg-44...	love
Yeah that was my bad. I was just heated after that loss and was being an ass. My b	sadness
Screaming at this reply	anger
Wow, now I am sad	sadness
Sounds dreadful.	fear
Sure, sorry for late response.	sadness
"""Youd be surprised how many times the """"hebephilia is not pedophilia"""" argument comes up on reddit. """	surprise
That's one of the only times I've ever felt bad for [NAME]. He was relentless and would not let it go!	sadness
I HEAVILY VIBE WITH THIS	joy
Goth pale is lovely.	love
I love bang	love
Love this!! This is so lovely! Wish I had friends like this! Great drawing as well!!	love
Oh [NAME] I love [NAME]!	love
Happy cake day [NAME]	joy
I love Florida	love
This is the sad truth for the exact reason he mentioned, they want a short fix to avoid doing this type of hard work.	sadness
I really love that this sub has it's own little culture	love
good to see your story had a happy ending!	joy
Aw, she came home early to surprise you! She must have missed you a lot.	surprise
Taking a charge up 30. I love this team	love
I love how it stops just before the impact	love
Love the guy complaining the panel is stacked against the rich what with all the high tax rhetoric. *The WORLD is stacked against the rest of us.*	love
You've aged horribly'	fear
I was afraid things would if we kept seeing each other, which is why I brought this up to her now rather than later. 	fear
ARGH!!	anger
"""""""Why everyone hurts me?"""""""	sadness
How dare you care about your physical and mental health, you shitlord you! /s	anger
I hate people who can't *read* Dx	anger
I’m genuinely surprised that [NAME] didn’t believe [NAME] lipstick speech - like that shit genuinely moved me	surprise
as a woman, I can tell ya it’s not uncommon for that to happen, haha. [NAME] make it extra sad though.	sadness
Just stop.	anger
Why are you so angry?	anger
That just shows how similar people can be in this kind of situation, demanding, rude, and can sometimes damage stuff without care	anger
Fuck why didn’t I think of that	anger
Fucking hate [NAME]..	anger
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **1st Cakeday** SirVortivask! ^(hug)	joy
Glad it's not just me!	joy
We don't know anything yet till it happens. It's great to see everything think they know the eliminations order.....lol. you will be shooked	surprise
Game: ok get out now Nea: a Game: no fuck you nea u toxic af	anger
He’s a professional liar making promises to get elected when all he concerned with is a power gain.	anger
I like His And Hers Poker Podcast	love
I enjoyed that Bagel Boss commercial. Suddenly craving some Greiss Coffee.	joy
Extremely painful to watch	sadness
I love daddy long neck and crew. You won’t be disappointed when you look it up.	love
You're making me look bad [NAME], while she yells and screams.	anger
**You are breaking the car!**	anger
What's really sad is that [NAME] wants to outlaw gay dads. I'm literally shaking.	sadness
Lies, damn lies and statistics. 	anger
I love it in spades	love
As a [NAME], I would like to extend an apology to anyone freezing in the polar vortex. 	sadness
You’re an animal, and you deserve all the shame/repercussions you get.	anger
I bought milk and honey for its cover. ended up loving it anyway.	joy
[NAME] why did they have to remove the OP? Her story is heartbreaking and she appears to only want some sort of comfort from the sub.	sadness
“I thought I was suppose to love 2018 wtf”	love
Where the f are you going to school that you are hearing such remarks semi regularly? That's horrible!	anger
I love when people make proclamations without backing any of it up with examples or proof.	love
According to the filmmakers, it was the same Brachiosaurus that awed the characters in the first movie. ;_;	surprise
"""I love how the lab is in the front like """"shotgun!"""" ."""	love
I love sliding so yea	love
Happy to help!	joy
But I hate trannies and feminsts owo	anger
I'm surprised not to see whining about [NAME] books more often, speaking of children.	surprise
>!This really crushed my soul!<	sadness
yeah see some of us come from youtube it's a horrible place never go there	fear
I love it when they show tons of interest. Love it.	love
Broke and jealous	sadness
Sometimes I just go on the YouTube video for any song older than like 20 years and these comments never disappoint	joy
toy has lost its value	sadness
Eh, loser. It’s sad how some people don’t care about their relatives.	sadness
Ugh I am in this same place right now. Dating a husband whose wife calls all the shots. I feel for you.	sadness
Funny. He said the same thing to me. I don’t even have a daughter.	joy
I’m so happy for them. I hope he drowns in a puddle of bacon grease.	joy
[NAME] I HATE those.	anger
Welcome back, [NAME]	joy
Beautiful yet sad that his relationship ended in ‘45 the same way most of mine do...with cheating	sadness
[NAME] fucking dammit	anger
Wow dude get a life and stop digging through my comments trying to pick a fight like a belligerent moron.	anger
I'm appalled that your roommate straight up destroyed perfectly good leftovers that way	anger
Not surprising since about 85% of all dating relationships end in a break up.	sadness
VUC YOU IDIOT!!!!	anger
Dude I love these	love
Even if you think me and him aren't soulmates, youve gotta be pretty sad to think soulmates don't exist. 	sadness
Been scoring big on the Groudons.. caught 4 so far. Edit: no, no shinys yet. I've had the worst luck with shinys in this game	sadness
Trouser maidens 😂 omg I love it.	love
I'm also happy you're still here!!	joy
Yeah, people die in civil wars. Stop.acting like the [NAME] are just killing [NAME] while spouting made up numbers	anger
Sorry to say OP but it seems his IQ is indeed higher than yours.	sadness
Would breaking her jaw and hands be out of line? She couldn’t call or text, what a shame. 	anger
Happy Another Day random strangers!	joy
"""I'm more worried about him scamming children than """"oNLY"""" scamming them into thinking they'll get $100."""	fear
Sorry man [NAME] doesnt care about hard working [NAME]. Sad	sadness
It’s not so much that I enjoy money and more that I do enjoy scamming people.	joy
Can't help but feel that going down 3-0 is nerves and fear of playing someone with [NAME] mythology. AO to [NAME] is like RG to [NAME]	fear
Because people hate freedom	anger
YOU DON'T GET TO JUDGE ME!	anger
I'm too scared to start Black Mirror because it honestly seems like we might not be that far off from some of it.	fear
If you're beignet hunting I also love the ones at Just For You, in the Dogpatch.	love
You guys will be shocked to know it is another cut of the Ga Spa vid.	surprise
[NAME], what? Why are you even here. Fuck off.	anger
cheers friend. same thing happened to me 2 days ago. hazzah!	joy
love ya bro, i just love how positive you are!	love
Poor [NAME]. One of the great men of our time getting destroyed by the courts. I hear he has to file for bankruptcy.	sadness
Self confidence I think and the fact that I’m scared if I do give all of myself to some that they won’t reciprocate.	fear
I love this sort of thing, reminds me of when my dad took me to the SW special edition when I was a little kid.	love
Hmm I thought I was playing the game for fun and excitement and unlocking skins was just an added bonus	joy
She is a horrible person and that is what makes her so relatable in real life.	fear
One of my favorite post fight moments, [NAME] is a funny guy. 	love
I can't pluck it, hurts too much. So every few days I shave a strand of hair on my chin.	sadness
"""Call me a [NAME] but I love saying that word. """"No."""""""	love
Hey [NAME], I'm [NAME] ! :) 	joy
That's a really good one too. I am pretty upset to learn how limited my vocabulary is	sadness
Why the fuck would you go for pizza, subs or pork rolls in texas?	anger
Support the Sydney ~~Blues~~ Sixers. Loved that gaff last night.	love
Hard to swallow pills. This sub is meh now	sadness
Loving it too, has made me forget about BO4 & Destiny 2...so addicting! 	love
While [NAME] lighter take on [NAME] in Justice League was questionable, I enjoyed him in BvS. Excited to see who takes on the cowl next.	joy
Loving this guys game. So much more confident as the team lead	love
OMG!!	surprise
never, because I actually married someone I wanted to be with l, and didn’t fucking betray their trust, unlike you arseholes 	anger
I wonder if Belpedio will get a chance up here at some point.	surprise
This is why I love this subreddit.	love
I joined the casuals on the couch and curled up in horror while watching this	fear
How scary! She loves you! I hope you are ok.	fear
Yeah, my mom would tell at and hit our family dog. She was a tiny little dog too. :(	sadness
it sounds like a huge pain in the ass to use compared to current systems in place though.	sadness
>cold, dead butt Ah, so it's laughter. Laughter is what kills me. 	joy
this video makes me sad	sadness
Who the fuck leaves a hot iron on the couch	anger
Enjoyed pulling moves, if you can find it. Was a comedy very Belfast centric though. 	joy
Sure they'd love that	love
Sadly no, but I hear it comes with a sweet bottle opener! And you can't spell Bottle Opener without Lebron.	sadness
Don't make me cry...P.S. Happy cake day!	joy
I love cowboy.	love
lol @ the dude lying down in the hut at 2:12	joy
Love futurama.	love
Oh that's so sad	sadness
This is dank what the hell	anger
People deleting and stop caring IS THE REASON why artifact is under 2k players.	anger
yeah. it's like you know something real bad is gonna happen at any time. that's why I never try to get my hopes up too much.	sadness
Or perhaps we should look at the bigger problem: mental healthcare in the United States.	sadness
I put [NAME] on over the holidays...my family hated it. Freaking love his stand up though and he's pretty widely liked. My family is weird.	love
That was my favorite character... :’(	love
Maybe we'll just stop moderating for a while to celebrate TWOW.	joy
I love the holiday overlay for The Haunted Mansion.	love
Wow [NAME] retained NO combat skills from the time he was [NAME] to help him fight Cicada at that bar	surprise
If men were that aggressive we’d be arrested and then slammed publicly and socially. Lives ruined for a moment of drunken stupor.	anger
I love going to a diner and eating in a booth by myself.	love
Why did she get married if she did not love him? Aren't you afraid the same thing wil happen to you?	fear
I don’t know who [NAME] is and, at this point, I’m too afraid to ask.	fear
I'm sorry you poop your pants every time someone mixes those words up.	sadness
Marlboro picked up [NAME] and are phasing out the njoys.	joy
[NAME] combat is terrible and the only reason I don’t play it anymore	fear
Beyond nightmare!!	fear
Stop saying that ? Makes my tummy upset 🤢🤮	anger
I was eating watching tonight's episode. OMG I never will again. You all know what I mean. The opening scene!!!	surprise
Some of the problems I noticed afterwards, I love the car. The experience not so much. 	love
This is about as close as I can get to singing IRL. It's fun.	joy
I can’t believe he’s playing the live action sonic the hedgehog	surprise
I like you	love
Yeah, he knows about my mental health and how bad it cam get, we've tried all the things that have worked in the past 	sadness
Omg like if you read this in 2019😂	love
My sister did Blue Apron and loved it.	love
That’s awesome news! Welcome to the family!	joy
I'm a firm climate change believer but jeez that was painful to read. Sorry, this is far from bestof	sadness
I love cars, but bullshit on different laws for different people 	love
As far as I know that’s why the military loves it. Plus the [NAME] use it for food occasionally.	love
Same.. I wonder why we catastrophize over these minor things so much and others seem to be able to forget them..	surprise
Seems like you're another guy who hates legion ;D	anger
Very sad. It’s the child I feel for most.	sadness
Haha I love this. I used to give mine phone books and my room would look just like this in a matter of hours. Crazy.	love
There is no way around it :(	sadness
Wow, foot and car traffic downtown has changed a ton in just 8 years. 	surprise
This country is an absolute shithole. Our police are no better than the filth they should be catching!	anger
I love this.	love
BANG motherfucker!	anger
I didnt even recognize [NAME]!!!	surprise
Enfp male here, I would love to find an INTJ girl and see if it works, which people tell me it could! 	love
What the hell is going on at Getty Images?	anger
I'm surprised they've gone this long not knowing [NAME] swears a lot.	surprise
I love how this boxy things is made to scare (common every show use that joke) but the queens is not scare at all.	love
Breast? Ah, I like it.	love
another one of those chicks sacrificing her children for a man and 'happiness'	sadness
Hey, I love you! 😁	love
I love you both	love
I adore this. It gave me so many chills of happiness!	joy
because it's fun	joy
I sure hope so! Smug bastards!	anger
Ah man, so many memories of those skits	joy
Technically it’s the abdomen. Stomach and belly are just informal synonyms. That girl is a racist and an idiot.	anger
You get closure by blocking her on your phone and all social media. She dumped you. It's over.	anger
Show me where jokes about (real) murdered children was acceptable in the past.	anger
I love you	love
Happy Daily Peko #270! Source couldn’t be found I think it’s from the manga.	joy
And I'm happy we all agree it's deathcore.	joy
Such lovely humans here. Have fun with that type of attitude	love
omg, poor little bean 	sadness
His wrists are too small ☹️	sadness
Imagine your daughter running away from home. I think that's a pretty terrifying idea without some murderer or mystic horror	fear
Could you imagine? That would be so terrible for viewers. 😂	fear
I wonder what a hug would feel like a lot too.	surprise
You monster! Think of the children!	anger
9. Some of us just don’t like fucking dogs. Fuck off. Stay away from me.	anger
I'm amazed people read BuzzFeed articles.	surprise
Happy cake day bro... or ma'am. You have to see this to really take it in.	joy
“Jinkies, unmasking the monster is such a pain... Nyeeeeeeeeh~.”	sadness
I am surprised Facebook can't detect a non mobile device and redirect to the normal page.	surprise
It's seriously terrifying!	fear
This sent shivers down my spine	fear
[NAME] is bae, how dare you.	anger
That's so good to hear and I know stress/anxiety is a factor but idk how to get rid of it, glad for you though.	joy
Punchy is Life <3	joy
I like the way your mind works.	love
I'm surprised he didn't say it was *almost* an inside job	surprise
Happy birthday, [NAME]!	joy
The biggest cringe is actually all the people commenting she's a man	fear
I was justing humming Spin Light to myself before picking up my phone amd seeing this meme. Deja is such a classic, maybe my all time favorite album	love
21 year old here! I had always wondered when I would feel like an adult... according to this thread looks like it never happens	surprise
I think this is my favourite one ever.	love
"""I love his calls even when things get """"pear-shaped"""""""	love
I would just beat up someone I really hate, my brother.	anger
BEHOLD THE GREAT GRAIN [NAME] BECKONS US TO ITS CHAMBER! FOLLOW ME MY FELLOW BIRDS INTO THE ABYSS!	anger
I wonder if it's a deal issue and they are allowed, again, to slip away in the last minute.	surprise
Broad city is my favorite. I need a BFF like them	love
[NAME] loves (the taste of) people	love
I know I'd love him when he joined but there's a part of me that just doesn't even want him	love
Well I'm scared as shit let's hope for the best, benz should be back(?)	fear
Woah, woah, woah. You're trying to tell me that elites have a stranglehold in a country with an *actual* aristocracy?! 	surprise
Considering that the majority of people who play poker still open limp, I'm surprised these posts aren't more common.	surprise
Omg I had to crank my tv because I thought it was just low volume	surprise
[NAME] damnit, have your upvote 	anger
SUFFER MORTALS!	anger
WOW HOLY SHIT	surprise
I understand it but still can't ask questions. I am too afraid	fear
My entire body aches now	sadness
If you are not going to kick him out, then don't complain. It is all your choice	anger
plumlee is such a bully. i love it	joy
I feel personally attacked. Every time one little thing happens, part of me just collapses inside.	sadness
Im really sad, and there is alot more goin on but i dont know how to tell it.	sadness
Roses - still gives me goosebumps till this day	joy
Why all the downvotes? It's a fucking pizza thread?	anger
Honestly [NAME] is just enjoying his 350k and sits at home to play Fortnite ar this point. He’s done for	joy
Fucking hell...	anger
That helps. I would've never guessed you'd style mannequins.	surprise
Very sad. People like this are ruining Aus.	sadness
But we love how they enslave, rape and decimate civilizations in the name of [NAME]. You guys just don’t get it and are probably racist. 	anger
im surprised you didnt try to go over her head to the owner or did he just not care about what the new GM was doing?	surprise
Happy cake day friend	joy
Arghh! There's a dinosaur loose in your house! A dinosaur with Tippex eyes.	fear
I'm afraid you have your terms mixed up -	fear
What a fuckin n	anger
Gotta love an environmentally friendly coaching staff.	love
She did mention she loves making costumes	love
Sadly I don't think even half the people who watched the game are gonna hear about that.	sadness
Vanity is a sin, [NAME] wants us to hate our bodies	anger
That would be so nice to see	joy
came here to find the person who hasn’t seen this movie so i could feel bad for them	sadness
You're pointing at me You pointed first I'm signaling that's not pointing Stop pointing at me!	anger
I'll try that but I'm thinking about going outside when it is unbearable to sleep. Also I'm scared of cold making me more sleepy.	fear
Oh man that title hurt my brain.	sadness
How dare you assume my mortality! >:O	anger
Don't cry for me, Argentina.	sadness
as a Ducks fan, this thread makes me sad...	sadness
Got to love the people who decry a two-colour view of the world by painting it all monochrome	love
[NAME]’ ego has turned him into such a bully. He seems to get off lately on witch-hunting and encouraging his “sisters” to harass people.	anger
>lox is optional How dare you put '[NAME]' in your flair! How dare you.. Mods! Mods! Apprehend this impostor!	anger
I’m scared for y’all saying Undone.	fear
for how long, you arent fucking with me?	anger
Happy to help	joy
Love how he stops and embraces the pole.	love
I’m surprised I had to scroll this far down	surprise
Omg I love that. Coffee in bed. A nice omelette and then another roll in the hay.	love
I'd be surprised if mosques make the girls on school trips cover their hair, hence my question.	surprise
I am interested if still available. This would be way more fun then my smith center season!	joy
"""Man – I love how [NAME] really lights up when she asks about [NAME] .... """"that's my boy for real, for real"""". Love that."""	love
Sadly I had to scroll through the story to read this	sadness
[NAME] is a happy boi!!	joy
That sounds like it was an absolute nightmare, I'm sorry you had to go through that, anesthetic failing is a horrifying experience. 	fear
I wonder how it's still tagged questionable...	surprise
Find a new doctor. If he isn't willing to treat people because of political affiliation then he's a horrible doctor and an even worse person.	anger
This is the best. I love it	love
The state should kill them yes, you seem to have a very low IQ and can’t grasp [RELIGION]. No wonder you took up Reddit Atheism	anger
Im so hungry now! Damn this sub! I love it!	love
I'm N-word, and I miss my dad	sadness
I'm with you. Would this news surprise me? Absolutely not. But I'm not believing anything regarding this subject unless it comes from [NAME] himself	surprise
:( bastards	anger
I AM LITERALLY FREAKING THE FUCK OUT	anger
yeh and the new ones just feel like reskin cod games sadly	sadness
What. The. Fuck.	anger
I've had sleep paralysis once and it is really bad.	sadness
[NAME] has stolen my heart.	love
I was wondering what that was and now, I need to go get some brain bleach.	surprise
I've seen this multiple times and wonder what happened to her after this.	surprise
We might just sleep on an air mattress while we wait 😂 awe that’s so sweet of you!! We love our bunnies and veggies haha	love
i also cried	sadness
I love this kid.	love
The original Halloween movie is still the scariest film I have ever seen. Being chased by [NAME] in this game is terrifying.	fear
What an unbelievable coward	surprise
I’m scared.	fear
Glad he didn’t try to backpedal about his feelings. They are valid and he has a right to have them.	joy
Disclaimer: This is r/television not r/news. Sorry for the mistake.	sadness
Is that seriously the story? I haven’t googled it. I just thought it was cool as a WW2 buff	surprise
No. Screw him. It IS a demanding job. Physically and emotionally draining. You deserve a hot meal and a friggin hour or two to decompress.	anger
I'd love an updated Garris!	love
Someone really needs to solve the problem of how to put cars into video games, I'd love to see it one day, just imagine the fun!	love
I like how old it is, like a vintage wine. Classssssy and aged to perfection.	love
I love Dr [NAME] and [NAME] at 8 West Dental in downtown. Edit: Called Dr [NAME] the wrong name.	love
It was more just “where did all these airpods come from?!” It was weird to me.	surprise
I was sad to see emails from multiple downtown restaurants offering free delivery through grubhub. Deliveries are going to be brutal.	sadness
I love how he is gonna hit that fat dude and the gif ends	love
How DARE you!	anger
"""""""I like it when you x"""", """"can you try doing y?"""" - focus on positive and giving advice"""	love
I did that a lot as well. I always loved going with her.	love
“we love [NAME]!”	love
[NAME] is so rational, I’d just cry really hard if my parents spent all my college money 💰 	sadness
I.. love arby's..	love
Says millennials are afraid of hard work, dismisses the hard work required to get a fit body.	fear
And the problem is that they took doctors out of a&e and out patients and community services and gp's to pay for his monstrosity...	sadness
My name is [NAME]. You killed my father, prepare to die.	anger
[NAME] Just Stop trying you idiot	anger
Looks like they did it to scare everyone else on the road as a dominance game.	fear
but I love your username	love
Fuck this team	anger
That level 20 purifier upgrade can get so juicy.... i love artanis	love
This is the most Boomer thing i've ever seen	surprise
Being gilded makes people’s days better. I love this.	love
Let us celebrate with a glass of kerbango.	joy
Oh my gosh! That light house!! Its terrifying!!	fear
our enemy, the state 	anger
Thats it I am out. This sub stinks.	anger
Hey! Go fuck yourself, you capitalist apologist bootlicking piece of shit	anger
She would be devastated! Whatever you're going through won't last forever... this will pass!! Ask for help - find someone to talk to!	anger
you should have asked this question 15 years ago sadly :(	sadness
For the love of all that is good and holy, please find competent broadcasters NBCSN.	love
I will not being awkward if I am being myself but I just scared	fear
[NAME] is a hero I always saw it. But seriously I love his video essays and im so ecstatic that hes a raimi memer!	love
Wow Jurassic Park looks a lot different than in the cinema	surprise
what an idiot	anger
This series is so unapologetic in its outlandishness that I just can’t help but love it.	love
The only thing I remember about that guy was the super racist remarks he made about [NAME].	anger
I know! Or close the door of the room where the baby is sleeping? It's too sad for the poor thing to be locked inside.	sadness
Wow that is the exact armor combo i used to use	surprise
The Watchmen just moved from Amazon to Netflix. Every time I watch that movie I like it way more. Hope I contributed here.	love
I was afraid of that .	fear
STOP GETTING FACTS FROM [NAME] AND THE CORRUPT STATE ..lol	anger
You’re an asshole.	anger
You're right and I hate it.	anger
Let's see, cash register ink, well that's a business expense isn't it... But then I do enjoy the smell... Better not risk it	joy
You fool you're using logic on a show that is clearly not bound by any	anger
Praying this goes to at least 4. I like both the players but would really like to see [NAME] play to his max GS potential	love
She seems like such a happy kid too!	joy
My favorite thing is when [NAME] gets the ball at the top of the key and every stands with their hands on their hips	love
I love how people downvote you because you are right. It's okay dude for honor community is a hive mind of braindead plebs	love
A the_donald poster trying to pass as a human being has to be one of the saddest things I've ever seen.	sadness
You mean the Chelsea?	surprise
I was under the impression that [NAME] also has some pretty rough health problems.	sadness
I love to how we went to the other room to say that. Not that he realizes he's Miked up and not going anywhere	love
ugh. I love guild wars 2 but it has the weirdest god damn community and management dynamic of any mmo.	love
Yes, because private matches are a thing. Surprised no one else has mentioned that one.	surprise
I should have known what awaits behind the oilymama hashtag and yet I searched. Now I’m sad.	sadness
Ah the city of brotherly love <3	love
Angry old men raise their canes when angry. Raising Cane's is a fast food chicken finger chain.	anger
I love how adgag laws are legalized illegal activities, look it up!	love
I’m surprised the comments and views on that channel haven’t gone crazy.	surprise
[NAME] learning how to finish inside. I love it	love
Yep. Been there. Watching my baby crying while vomiting and her eyes looking at me so hurt was hard.	sadness
Yesterday I remembered that this game existed and was happy that I waited and didn't buy into a game that would be dead in a month.	joy
I hate when people Beijing a gun. Even worse when they Shanghai one.	anger
Me, too. Was shocked to say the least.	surprise
Oh my [NAME].	surprise
Yay! (Tech will be improved. Eeeek.)	joy
> [NAME] mother allegedly vandalized [NAME] grave, stating that she had ruined her son's life. No....	anger
the good ol days	joy
I love [NAME]	love
Cheers, I enjoyed your announcers. Sucks we don't get to play again until next year	joy
You're both wrong NBA is an initialism, can't be pronounced as a word. Oh man I love reddit	love
I mean I’m playing a card game and enjoying the cheap cards	joy
I hate [NAME] but this dude has already lied to Congress. How can you believe anything he says	anger
I like it	love
So satisfying chucking a spear and getting a few guys with one throw. Also I loved the bow in this game	love
whats it like being this stupid?	anger
[NAME] damn it I love this but it had a STRONG socialist undertone and I just can’t fw that	love
I’m sorry men, I have failed you. My rigidity was no match for the flaccid effort our boys showed tonight	sadness
What scares me is that now that this happened, they're going to try and find ways to take women's phones away from them.	fear
Love how they all claim no one pays any attention to the comments then acknowledge a comment section personality.	love
This is scary to know that you went through. People like this are one step away from coming home with a gun or knife.	fear
Cute little jerk. How many times has that come out if my mouth!!	love
loved this one as a kid	love
Ah sorry [NAME], I was going to join. But your desperate posts scared me away!	fear
He acted like such a jerk- why would you want to be friends with someone like that? I would never trust him again.	anger
I’m dreading when it happens during our games for the title	fear
People tremble in fear of the name Rupple Poopels 😂	fear
WHY THE FUCK IS WES ON THE FLOOR, HE CANT DEFEND SHIT	anger
[NAME] I'd love it just to see grumpy writers complain.	love
It just so happened that PD, sick kids , and family emergencies all happened to overlap between all my coworkers leaving me all alone. 	sadness
I do enjoy my lawn. 😁	joy
It scares me that left to right is also possible for anyone	fear
[NAME] is often regarded as strategically the worst Lord in the series because of this. [NAME]	sadness
That was my favorite PS1 game.	love
i love that channel	love
My girlfriend ordered Chipotle. Have fun with that 15 mile drive bud.	joy
NOT THE [NAME] ALBUM LMAOOOO	anger
You had a tough childhood :(	sadness
That hurt too much to watch twice.	sadness
Imagine being scared of a black bear	fear
"""[NAME] would love her!!! """"Do you forgive Daddy?"""" """	love
Love her positions but I think she need to get some experience under her feet before she is ready for that level of a position.	love
[NAME] THAT HURTS DON'T DO THAT	sadness
Woo hoo!	surprise
Are you really that brain dead.....idiot!!!	anger
[NAME] winning a ball would be...... surprising	surprise
I feel bad for laughing at this now that the creator of Spongebob passed away a month ago.	sadness
Haha! Do it.	joy
She threatened to hurt you, I would file a police report.	anger
The faces in that drawing are kinda horrifying	fear
Videos. It’s basically a gif with sound. Pretty cool to see them in action	joy
I’m about to have a heart attack tonight	fear
Swordfish is my go to gun. Used my first unlock token it given how much I enjoyed it.	joy
I like [NAME]..	love
I love how a few words can turn a post from believable bragging to complete bullshit.	joy
Those subs ... wtf	anger
Go your own way, loser. 	anger
Its [NAME]! Love that guy, classic example of a Solo Slooper who just tries rather than complains :)	love
I haven't had class in three years and yet I've literally had this nightmare dozens of times.	fear
Better late than never sadly I can see another label scooping him up	sadness
he is a very dangerous man	fear
OMG BARF wtf is wrong with people?!	anger
This brings a smile to my face	joy
woman here, love it when my man gets mad. manly imo	love
Well it was just an educated shot in the dark but glad to help 😊	joy
I can't believe he came in and 4 seasons in he managed to turn the team into this.	surprise
Love that we have the same amount of playoff wins as them this year!	love
Man, she must really hate infertile women. 	anger
weirdly enough drug addicts are still human beings, shocking I know 	surprise
i'm so poor i don't even know any horse girls	sadness
At least a feed of diazies stops me shitting the bed over the idea of a man wearing a dress. Uppa fuckin erps!!!	anger
I have a bad feeling about this.	fear
Fuck Up would be more appropriate. Fuckin marketing wankers.	anger
Fuck you my fortnite k/d is better bitch	anger
My gf is a huge TSwift fan and loves Friends. R u tryna steal my girl pal	love
oh [NAME] what did i do	surprise
I’m just glad that the academy is FINALLY progressive enough to nominate a mediocre [NAME] biopic directed by a pedophile.	joy
i was there in october and i was shocked at the amount of people on the interstate just casually browsing facebook while driving.	surprise
Glad to see you guys are treating him well	joy
You are unfortunately far and few between.	sadness
For Citynews dot ca that is really sad.	sadness
I feel like [NAME] was impossibly bad enough to warrant memes about him. [NAME] is just bad, boring, and too invisible to really hate.	anger
I love listening to their votes and stuff. It's always so rowdy I love it	love
Do You Realize, by The Flaming Lips. But it's not really ruined because we ended/still are on good terms. It just kinda makes my heart feel heavy.	sadness
Those things still haunt my dreams to this day.	fear
Oh god no!!! I was gonna get some shipped out to save you some money. Never mind.	surprise
30 you illiterate fuck	anger
I'm so happy for you !	joy
How dare you make an attempt to be kind!	anger
Ducks just happy. Hadn’t had a shit for days	joy
My condolences.	sadness
I swear, this is the most brutal one of this year yet. 	sadness
Makes it even better that a multi millionaire successful pro athlete is shitting on him [NAME] damn I love me some sweet twitter roasting	love
[NAME] said Monday was Columbus Day and those two bought it. Unbelievable.	surprise
So? [NAME] was and is a far higher rated player than [NAME] as much as I like him.	love
>both parties are dumb >stupid tribalism 🤔🤔🤔	anger
I would love a lineup of [NAME], [NAME] he can play [NAME]), and [NAME].	love
Children taken below decks by [NAME]. Get out now	anger
Love him as an Irish fan, but his range isn't far enough for NFL	love
I'd punt her to another planet if she said that about my dog. Wtf is wrong with people. 😠	anger
I'm polish too. I love my family but I would never even consider trying to live there trying to be happy.	love
It was pretty heart breaking, then the council came out and said they weren't going to collect them. Made a lot of people mad. 	sadness
Really rude move to do that in the rest room though.	anger
And she would would enjoy wearing	joy
I love this game but even I'm not spending money till some of the bugs are fixed	love
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?!?!?!	anger
He most likely saw you and just didn’t care. Sadly.	sadness
His head bounced on the hardwood. Damn.	sadness
Gotta love [NAME].	love
Guys help I can’t stop playing it, my hands are in so much pain!	sadness
Wow! There's no reason for this comment!	surprise
Is the Queen movie bad? That makes me sad. I'm still watch it anyway.	sadness
Haha yeah, apparently their ringleader just got banned on Twitter. 	joy
I was so sad when they took SG1 off of Netflix. I guess it’s on Prime now? I need to rewatch that show.	sadness
Trust me, if its a person you have feelings for and she/ he just wants your body, thats really painful.	sadness
Oh fuck off already.	anger
Poor cat got his ass kicked by a crab, rope and broom.	sadness
Holy fuck that stop, good shit [NAME]	anger
sometimes i look up at the stars and i wonder if [NAME] is masterbating to our conversation somewhere out there	surprise
Guessing the bra sizes of anime characters after having stared at them for so long... That's... an interesting hobby.	love
love that, we need more women like you 	love
There’s something I love about the idea of eating a cheap meal on fancy tableware	love
what the fuck	anger
Woah, cool!	surprise
Hugs hugs hugs. So many big hugs and good vibes. That's the only thing I know how to say right now.	joy
>hasn't been any form of arrested development Well fuck	anger
amendments are allowed on monday to mays deal, i'd be amazed if no one kills her deal	surprise
I actually rooted for you guys that Seahawks game, but now I feel the true pain. 	sadness
I love this sub reddit 😍😂	love
thats terrifying. how can people do that to their own citizens?	fear
Stupid sexy squidward	anger
Last event went well, 40+ signups. Looking forward to some new faces this time. Special surprise for the winner!	surprise
This is the most scary [NAME] can ever be to me, cause it’s also the most real he could ever be 😂	fear
I'm 58, my 40 year wife is 59, and my handfasted wife is 64. I'm so in love with both of them!	love
Fucking Synths. -[NAME]	anger
I HAVE EYE PROBLEMS NOW IM REALLY YELLING	sadness
I'm happy to hear all that.	joy
Some people have no shame or sense of self-worth. It’s sad.	sadness
We're in it... and now [NAME] is going to the bench? Gotta good feeling!	joy
I love the 90s for all the same reasons. It was so comfy and effortless! And yes!!! All evidence can remain hidden!!!	love
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **2nd Cakeday** rebel_alliance05! ^(hug)	love
0 <----- This is how many people were surprised	surprise
I like Sao very much, bit not because of the game setting, for other reasons. The game itself sucks, tbh.	love
I've done that in the past. It means he's stupid drunk and is missing you at the moment.	anger
"""Love him! """"Thank You God"""" is one of my favorites of his."""	love
This is a solid list, and I will totally allow Scream to count. Surprised to see 10 Things below She's All That tho.	surprise
Too cute for me. Why cant i have a boyfriend *[NAME]*	love
i love his face for that split second after he is hit	love
I kill him before he kills me during the date	anger
Love the flower, and hope you feel better!	love
I’ve missed my sweet prince	love
That ESPN intro made me emotional 😭	sadness
Shrug. Cant blame anyone other than your parents.	anger
For real! So happy they just put season 2 on hulu	joy
We love you!!!!! And we would love if you still made them	love
Im almost done with season 7 now. This show ans the office were probably my two all time favorite shows.	love
I once got flowers from a girl... idk why but it just feels good	joy
See the other one has advertising that hides the fucking stupid [NAME] that's the difference!	anger
Fuck. That.	anger
The history of horrible things the federal government has done is well documented. The same way the federal government does it, with income taxes.	fear
I love it when drama comes home to roost	love
So you spectate all the people that kill you? Stop talking bullshit.	anger
I’m afraid I just blue myself	fear
happy cake day.	joy
I rate [NAME] highly, so this is good news.	joy
Omg at this rate he's gonna be in the next smash bros	surprise
I use to play with colored pencils as a child, I also use to play with chapsticks and lipsticks too! They are very entertaining!	joy
I wonder if we need to find a way, as a people, to not be so dependent on the government. 	surprise
I actually enjoy doing this on my own. Am I weird?	joy
u fucked up	anger
I hate it when mom and dad fight.	sadness
O.o love it 👌	love
The last book feels like a dream. It's ridiculously bad, imo 	anger
Wouldn't have it any other way. Fuck my DNA. Fuck nucleotides.	anger
I would love to hang out with him & listen to his stories	love
[NAME] is having a visible affect on his game and I love it. I think we are witnessing the development of a future star.	love
And they wonder why they don't seem trustworthy. Maybe someone should tweet about it and they'd notice.	surprise
It's uncanny	surprise
all the more reason to not give a fuck about CFF	anger
What a political whore Uncle [NAME] is!	anger
I hate having to take my shoes off!	anger
Look at the size of those shorts!	surprise
I'd be extremely shocked if we don't get [NAME]. As for [NAME], I don't know much about him	surprise
I’m stuck at work tonight so I missed it 😢😢	sadness
When I was her age I had 3 jobs... oh you have like 18... get off my lawn!	anger
Would love to share this on twitt and FB ...	love
The part that shocks me is that they allowed him to wear shorts in regular class.	surprise
"""I love you guys but.....""""existence"""""""	love
I love the thumbnail dude, but I’m already Soldier	love
didn’t know [NAME] was still alive	surprise
The [NAME] of horror!	fear
I love rational comments.	love
We were playing bots for 30 mins... Not fun but i am happy i finally did it	joy
Love this!!!	love
Looks weirdly fake Edit: turns out it’s real	surprise
I like that that guy didn't make a snarky remark in 2015 because he was upset that another MP was sitting in his usual seat.	love
Because I want to be with someone but no one wants to be with me.	sadness
I feel your pain...	sadness
oh my [NAME] is this real	surprise
You're in for a treat- enjoy :)	joy
Wait so you can get an acre of rainforest for $35? I mean, it would be way cheaper at that volume but still that's real cheap	surprise
[NAME] is legit! Loving this move.	love
cross post to /r/palestine they will love this	love
*Well well well, if it isn’t [NAME] the platypus. Totally unexpected, and by unexpected in mean TOTALLY EXPECTED!!*	surprise
Spending my first day ever in Europe. In Oslo, with an amazing girl I met visiting Texas from Norway about a year ago. 	joy
Lucky, when I did it my nickname ended up being [NAME]	joy
And I laughed	joy
hey uhhhh I love you	love
Wow, how did a kid manage to eat a whole watermelon over the space of 47 hours!	surprise
While this makes me happy to know, it would probably be for the best if we didn't post these things where abusers can find out about them.	joy
Cheers!!	joy
Fuck you, tincan. *reads username* Wait ignore the tin can part, fuck *specifically you* in general. 	anger
What are the sequels called? Loved Infernal Affairs	love
This is painful	sadness
You'd think people who have this high an opinion of themselves would be more open to taking advice on how to beat certain matchups. Enjoy being a scrub.	joy
WHAT THE FUCK	anger
Shared misery *always* makes me feel better :D	joy
I like were ur head is.	love
Awe! That sucks!	anger
We, the fans, are the losers here.	sadness
Damn dude, can’t believe I never considered this possibility.	surprise
Death treats are for immature people, I'm sorry you received them. Comparing you to flat earthers is not far off though.	sadness
This was posted at the exact same time as another guy posted it on here, and that scares me.	fear
Once a week. It was a semi expensive seafood place, but it also had a poppin sports bar/happy hour vibe. An interesting place for sure 	joy
I love bloodborne, I started my second play through but quit after I got busy with school stuff.. need to go back to it though.. love that game 	love
WHAT?! You dare insult the band of gods?! Typical teen, I hate my own generation! *screams in 16 year old*	anger
I love CoD4	love
You seem horrible	fear
you are pathetic.	sadness
"""I stoped telling story because ''[NAME]""""*. Drawing makes me look intensely people to measure their ratio and understand their shapes. That's my new fun"""	joy
Yeah, I was very sad to read that!	sadness
I feel shot in the heart.	sadness
Guys who work on aircraft usually have hard time hearing. Its unavoidable.	sadness
Wow, you must have no idea what medium of exchange means.	surprise
My money is on [NAME]. Doubt [NAME] is back up next yr. [NAME] looked.good last preseason. I was surprised he didn't beat [NAME] then.	surprise
that was a horrible fix	fear
That beat slaps. Good memories	joy
My god, [NAME]!	surprise
A video that makes me happy	joy
Feeling good in the gayborhood.	joy
I have endured worse.	sadness
Fuck you, that's how	anger
Print outs?!?!?! You tree killing monster!!!!	anger
This made me sad	sadness
That live snail got me freaked	fear
That is so beautiful. It makes my heart hurt that humans can be cruel to animals when they're aware of having so much emotion.	sadness
I love that sometimes I don’t know what he says but like I vibe wit it instead	love
I've been trying to as well, but the game is so scary :/	fear
[NAME] is not a guy I root against. Just hope we have a good enjoyable game	joy
I love her omg	love
Late-stage Reddit. I'm afraid it's malignant, there are only palliative care options available at this point.	fear
"""Hey its you again. Dude can you please say """"N"""" so I can complete the task? My last request went unanswered sadly."""	sadness
I review you - *clap clap* - [NAME], bye bitch, gone	anger
I'm missing something	sadness
It could be bait and switch... Which would be a surprise	surprise
Ending the quarter with some point [NAME] action, I love it 	love
I high key thought this same thing then it was sad boy hours when I broke things up	sadness
That’s too bad, I didn’t know that.	sadness
glad she;'s back inside, tragic what shes doing to this dude and his family they r the ones picking up the tab. 	joy
No problem here, as long as neither one of you are the asshole.	anger
On this blessed day, we are all KQLY.	joy
I'm sending you all the hugs ;-;	love
One day I was really desperate and tried putting warming balms that are intended for sore muscles on my lower tummy and it helps so much!	sadness
I’m sorry friend. I actually used to be pretty good with this but I’m constantly getting worse.	sadness
I love Invader Zim.	love
A bag of pita chips is really $8?	surprise
Love your username	love
I'm so happy this post blew up because this is so true	joy
I'm liking the bums	love
Always!! I especially love when they ask for the *exact thing that’s in their lunch* but, like, a new one. 	love
I loved it too! I think it doesn't really mean anything and it was just a hommage, but anything can happen in Riverdale. 	love
NO BOY! NO MORE FREEDOMS TO GO AROUND HERE! Now go back to your room and give me your toy guns immediately	anger
"""I love any story that includes the phrase: """"Some gypsies showed up"""". """	love
I turned the game off last night wondering what it’s like to have two point guards and being slightly jealous of the Nets.	surprise
Is the wooosh on us cause there’s no fuckin wooosh to begin with or	anger
I love [NAME]. I really love him. Xx	love
can I use I can't believe it's not butter because my boyfie doesn't make over 20k :(	sadness
I love Nigeria, visited a couple of times. Lived in Angola for two years	love
Stop saying generic hating sentences!	anger
I’ve always wondered why they play at ear splitting volume instead of one where you can enjoy the music.....	surprise
Sorry to hear that	sadness
Maybe you were depressed because your place was a mess.	sadness
The comment was so terrible. I can’t believe it made the final cut.	surprise
I do this too! I love that giving a genuine compliment is easy and can make someone's day :)	love
I'm crying.	sadness
Just get pissed next time he asks and tell him to fuck off Some people just think they can take advantage of people who help them	anger
Love how thorough this answer is. I think it shows you know yourself well!	love
Ohhhhh. *That’s* what that was.	surprise
Only children are scared to take trains by themselves ...oh wait.	fear
Glad to see I'm not the only one with that bug. Maybe someone will report it some day.	joy
"""Ugh YES. I literally am so against it and everyone is always like """"why it's fun"""" but like I just want to find love """	love
Oh man, I saw a White Forest Cake the other day and DEAR LORD I almost drooled.	love
That literally doesn’t even look like her omg	surprise
Sadly no, everything was thrown around the room, and everytime I rebuilt something, it would be annihilated again.	sadness
So so happy, more than you believe 	joy
Inkling main: I like being cheap. It makes me happy.	joy
Not all of us young teens eat tide pods Mom would be sad	sadness
Glad they made it..	joy
I like picking beans with grandma.	love
It hurts to look at it	sadness
Worst winter ever :(	sadness
NSFW tagged for showing [NAME]. But anyways, I hope you enjoy the video!	joy
I am so sorry that happened to you.	sadness
I haven't seen it here yet, but I love LetterKenny. It gets funnier as the show goes on and it's on Hulu 	love
I liked it because [NAME] is a fat lard and he was pissed off.	love
I believe that show scared straight was actually a massive failure, it got viewers but concept of it never resulted in the kids actually being 'scared straight'.	fear
USE GLOVES YOU MANIAC	anger
Its like the worlds most infuriating reality show.	anger
I like you	love
I think I love you mate😂	love
[NAME] was just calling you out for being rude as fuck	anger
I’m gonna love it if that happens to me	love
I thought [NAME] was awesome tonight. That kid is passing on another level. I'd love to see that kid saucing up [NAME] on the PP unit	love
>Downvote me, you cowards.	anger
Feels good bruh	joy
""">The Charisma Myth"""" It's bullshit too."""	anger
I'm at job that is effecting my mental health, and I'm not sure if I should be up front.	sadness
Low life is as low life does. I wouldn't be too surprised if he's broke by the time he's middle aged, unfortunately.	surprise
I must break you!	anger
And it was out of their control as well for both. That's funny	joy
Please explain how this is stupid	anger
I love Dlo lol	love
Bedside report is terrible.	fear
My daughter attempted in November of 2012. She also still struggles. Glad you’re BOTH still alive!	joy
Considering you are also a child, I can't say I'm surprised by your edgy hot take.	surprise
Comes from [NAME]. I love the seduction community.	love
Never stop playing them! I love going against Legions and never see them enough in this game!	love
I'm shocked you still have service. Mine doesn't play, they are cold. 	surprise
i’m happy you were able to have a child! that’s my biggest concern.	joy
Ya know, I hate lying but I guess I'd make an exception for this. 	anger
Oh true I remember seeing it on Spotify’s charts for weeks. It’s terrible.	fear
Congratulations, go for a beer and watch a Leaf game on Saturday! HNIC.	joy
Ok. Hang onto shit you can't change and be whiney about it. This is a reason why we catch shit. We can't take it	anger
They all clapped.	joy
This might be my favorite scene in the whole series	love
Almost downvoted you just because that made me so angry.	anger
I like the fact that you like it a lot.	love
Dear [NAME], **DON'T FUCK THIS UP** Love, Me	love
Let’s get greedy and take back what is rightfully ours	anger
US labor laws are fucked up	anger
Ikr... it’s a sin in itself to use [NAME] to instil fear and hate, [NAME] is love not hate and he loves all of us	love
We love you here.	love
The cruise boat one (similar) where the water goes WELL over the porthole scares the everloving shit out of me every time	fear
As a computer science student but also a lifelong [NAME], the issues surrounding Amazon in Queens have left me substantially torn. 	sadness
I'm so sad.	sadness
Of all the people in the world, I honestly can't believe that Reddit hates [NAME].	surprise
Underrated comment, my friend! Know that you made me genuinely laugh!	joy
Sadly this is not a new issue for Ukraine. Please take a moment to remember Babi Yar :(	sadness
I freakin' love Corgis!! 🐕🥰	love
Oh my gawd. WHAT?	surprise
I'm surprised that the police have not send her to a mental institution	surprise
She didn't hit any of the notes but I still love [NAME] so much.	love
Lol! I’m glad you feel lucky because you are! Could you imagine dealing with the continuous flipping back and forth between desire and guilt? 😬	joy
There is a special place in hell for drivers like you. I pray to [NAME] there is.	anger
[NAME] was only OP when it came out. [NAME] was OP for so long. I'm still happy they finally did something to her.	joy
It’s shocking if you’re a bad electrician.	surprise
NICE... TO.... MEET YOU... OW!	joy
I'm sad that I gave that shit article a page view.	sadness
Yikes. That sounds terrible 😢	fear
Good for that security guard! That's lovely to hear.	love
Someone made this album, dwights a bit lanky but I enjoyed it. 	joy
A bit of storybook now and again never hurt anyone :D So happy for the both of you!	joy
same i feel u	love
I can't be the only one who's on this sub because I love it instead of being afraid	love
Utah is terrible, I hated driving through there at night	anger
Glad to see Mrs. [NAME] is still alive and well!	joy
Some college professors and their teaching staff may need to die. Oh, wait... saying that is hate speech.	anger
Might be an unpopular opinion but I actually enjoyed the faster ruck speed. Spewing they didn't stay strong and stick to their guns	joy
[NAME] out? I thought he’s been playing pretty well. Wonder why...	surprise
Wow. Have that much debit in your bovada account is something crazy. Props to you	surprise
We still luv u	love
That blows. Glad you're doing better.	joy
That’s my luck. Lol	joy
Ok. Progress. Not only I presented more facts, I also asked some questions. Still unanswered, sadly. 	sadness
This is the saddest thing I've seen today	sadness
Abortion. emails. BENGHAZI! red cups Happy Holidays	joy
Just what I need; a video of my commute to work so I can enjoy the experience in my free time.	joy
Yeah it’s fine. Some supplements contain Ashwagandha which affects the gaba receptors so be cautious if you’re already on gabapentin or a beta blocker	fear
What a cataclysm	sadness
I lived across the street from it as a child. Used to swim in it as a kid...Ignorance is bliss.	joy
*I bring you Love!*	love
Hmm surprised that went on for as long as it did, at some point there must have been some redeeming qualities. 	surprise
Had to pause for a sec to properly cringe when [NAME] says why he got sent to the school. Whyyyyy would you *announce* that oh my [NAME]	surprise
Group hug to you and our fellow redditors :)	joy
>The surprise will be all ours. head_meme.gif Can't be surprised by how terrible a story becomes if you don't watch it.	surprise
And...peter thiel is involved. Color me surprised. (O negative surprised that is.)	surprise
Which is why not only did PR lose but RUP was not the first choice sadly even if it had won in BC :(	sadness
happy cake day	joy
"""love seeing """"donkey kong 64"""" written on some official government paper congrats hbomb, you deserve it all champ """	love
[NAME] are the liars, we know.	anger
Sorry man I don’t really like duck.	sadness
I would really love to hear you expound on your idea of “truth”.	love
Desperately miss this, [NAME] was one of my favourites at finishing with big choruses 	love
It’s a highly catchy and enjoyable song, I really like it. Not everything should be lyrical miracle spiritual individual music	love
While the new Preds jerseys have grown on me a lot; I do looove Vegas' jerseys.	love
Yeah no one is gonna do that and get reported to HR for bigotry.	anger
I love this subreddit	love
r/vaxxhappened. Fuck you Jan.	anger
I like Celtic fans more than Buck fans	love
[NAME] why are there so many guendouzi haters?	surprise
I love [NAME] :)	love
Topic change #4. This is getting sad.	sadness
Why should I get flayed? He's the one who sucks!	anger
stupid science bitches	anger
huh i didn’t even know that button existed	surprise
oh shitttt. it’s upside down	surprise
"""Imagine ordering this. """"1000 burgers to the white house? Yeah ok buddy"""" """	surprise
What?! I am level 20 and I already had 4. I did 5 hide outs in total not counting the tutorial hide out.	surprise
gotta love some Detroit Sports	love
I love how this is worded.	love
Guilty :( I was ready to cry and everything >:(	sadness
I mean she’s barely into college so she’s only maybe 18-20 but to be this oblivious is pretty sad.	sadness
try to attract the guy that i like. other than that i love gaming drawing writing and watching tv.	love
As someone who is dairy intolerant (milk is in _everything _!!) this veganuary is awesome :D	joy
I related to [NAME] so much in this moment. I hate that [NAME] gone when he reaches for him.	anger
My favorite explosion in all of Star Wars.	love
This makes me smile!	joy
"""""""Get the fuck out of the fucking chair"""", or something to that avail."""	anger
Bonus: her infamous bizarre introduction video. Truly frightening	fear
I was wondering if that would happen. The story I first read was crazy.	surprise
I’m surprised they arnt argonians	surprise
Who the hell is that. I only got my account 2 months ago	anger
I’m crying omfg	sadness
Can you fucking not	anger
Two different writers have two differing opinions??? I'm shocked, just absolutely shocked, I tell you!	surprise
This is hilarious	joy
sadly it is ;-;	sadness
Who the hell thinks he isn’t overpaid	anger
I'm glad for that. Once that check comes in, I only have about $3000 to work with.	joy
Same here! Although I just try to be happy whenever I am with my child.	joy
[NAME] doesn't get a vote [NAME]! Get the fuck out of here with this nonsense.	anger
"""""""Eh"""" Love it. """	love
This is scripted, it's actually a remake/homage of an old [NAME] and [NAME] skit from a few decades ago. I love it!	love
This is my biggest pet hate of all time!	anger
For you, the day the bison frolicked in the snow was the cutest time in your life, but for me...it was Tuesday. 	joy
Oh she dead	sadness
i do not want Wil gone. i love the kid	love
You'd think we don't have anymore tears already... It's been 62 years of crying.	sadness
Same pigs who bombed a mosque full of kids learning Quran. In Shaa'Allah those terrorists will burn in hell	anger
I love finding people like this because there’s always at least one	love
I. Love. This. Team.	love
I can feel that already, I'm already getting pain at time with it, but I can only imagine the pain after for healing.	sadness
Man, I can’t believe we traded all that and didn’t even get a top 10 guy	surprise
I just can't believe she had the nerve to call both [NAME] and [NAME] low ability	surprise
LMAO I love hockey	love
I loved that show. “The [NAME] is back!”	love
Just remember we’re all silly looking, gangly monkey things living on a rock floating through nothing, all trying to be cool. Have fun	joy
I really like him goat and [NAME] on the 4th line. They've been real solid. Absolute beauty of a first goal. Congrats, trevor.	love
Love the snow suit.	love
Uh . . . Uh . . . I'm not feeling so well.	sadness
Sadly, that theory is plausible in the lds inc realm of thinking.	sadness
I learned that recently driving into SLC for the first time in the rain/snow. I couldn't see shit. 1/10 Was scary.	fear
I was pleasantly surprised that I couldn’t think of anything I broke at my last retail job but... you’re right, that was it	surprise
Fact, the sky is orange. And if you think it’s blue, you’re stupid	anger
I just ate my last teva those are my favorite	love
[NAME] a bastard man	anger
This is the first time I’ve ever been reposted. I’m honored	joy
Surprisingly, not a lot of people know though.	surprise
Back to back against Nashville and Vegas. Fuck I love this team.	love
I feel his pain. Bad dxm trips are the most terrifying thing in the moment but they're way more forgiving than bad psych trips	sadness
Shut the fuck up, loser.	anger
Ii can't believe you just said that!	surprise
Wow! I’ve never seen so many deleted comments, and that’s saying something.	surprise
I am only sharing what my friends said, what their experience was. I found that a bit surprising.	surprise
this makes me miss my girflriend	sadness
Me too. Damn that damsel in distress syndrome	anger
Oh. My heart!	surprise
I think they’re gonna keep her a surprise.	surprise
I unfortunately can not afford a lawyer. Luckily the only thing that we shared is our daughter	sadness
It's so goddamn funny.	joy
Unfortunately not. 😏	sadness
This fuck needs to sthaaaaap	anger
Phone calls are the ultimate nightmare !!	fear
I loooooove Tiff!!!	love
Omg I really thought it was a new word for me, not debacle 😂😂😂 she didn’t even try 	surprise
> Sleeping next to someone I knew my wife is trying to kill me!	fear
This makes me unfathomably angry.	anger
so [NAME] isn't necessarily as dumb as she literally appears... I've always liked her for some reason.	love
I still think he should have been the first goalie in the 2014 World Cup. But alas that injury ruined everything.	sadness
I like flirting so this is what I enjoy doing, plus ordinary flirting is outcome independent. Direct approach is outcome dependent. Either way it's all part of the fun!	joy
"""I love you so much. > **""""putas""""** Qué eres mi que? (don't how can i translate it)"""	love
I love humans	love
His base is too large to knock him off. Unless he gets impeached/indicted/god knows what, he’ll probably be it (sadly). 	sadness
Oh you know they’re BOTH going for it.	surprise
Goddamn right!	anger
I prefer having the TV in the background more than music. Music is something I enjoy in the car or walking in the city.	joy
Just think of the awesome stories though!	joy
It looks fun as hell too, from what I can tell. I’d love to give it a whirl	love
"""I love that logic """"I don't like it so it must not exist."""""""	love
Fierljeppen heck!	anger
For the love of [NAME] gobget the tweezers!	love
I think you're right. She has oodles of cash and young grandchildren to enjoy. Going through that hideous gauntlet again probably isn't that appealing.	joy
Aww I love it, she looks really cute with short hair!	love
Oh but they will be sweet photos to look at in the future.	love
I have this shirt I love it with a burning passion	love
Love both flags man! I was on my college campus today in my old Thrashers hat while wearing my Jets sweatshirt. Go Jets! Have fun!	love
[NAME] is one of my favorite [NAME]. I would love for him to come home to LA	love
This South Florida girl loves Jaxons Ice Cream. Seeing the kitchen sink makes me want to drive home.	love
Holy shit! No way in hell I'd get that close to DFW in a Cessna!	surprise
One of the greatest moments of my life, to date	joy
Hahaha love it	love
I love CO2.... ... as carbonation in beer and soda.	love
Your nan and dad are both trash. I am so glad you were able to pull yourself up and rise above. 💕	joy
[NAME] is a traitor to this country.	anger
# 5 at the end of that clip... Teammate love	love
Eesh, really sorry for your loss.	sadness
I was joking about the flowers, BTW. I love flowers.	love
[NAME] is scared out there. Didnt want the ball	fear
I always thought of the sound of lakes freezing on cold nights. It's pretty surreal in itself.	joy
I love the comradely for finding the source	love
"""I love that! We need a """"We have cookies"""" line for her, now!"""	love
Stupid science bitch	anger
You conveniently forgot nearly killing a toddler by throwing furniture out of a 14 story window.	anger
I would love it. I'm financially responsible and it would send me a signal that you are as well.	love
Glad you found it!	joy
"""I like this one, it's not a """"when you"""" meme."""	love
That feels nice.	joy
I love being down by 10+ constantly.... I feel like [NAME] gets dominated by literally everyone.	love
Happy just came out	joy
Fuuuuck. I am so angry that this can even happen.	anger
Ouch! My hear sank. Don’t do this to me.	anger
I love that he wears the rad suits. You do you Mr [NAME].	love
So good to see [NAME] back, looks like he hasn't lost a step.	joy
I love 4 and 5 just as much as the early seasons. You can't recapture lightning in a bottle; I'm just glad they kept at it.	love
This will either be a classic or a complete shitshow	anger
Wtf is this lmao god I hate reddit	anger
Well damn.	anger
Love it!	love
I love all weightloss shows but that one doesn’t interest me at all	love
Very surprised he didn't frog leap at the guy the close the distance	surprise
I think Judge came in a little too late so he’ll need to be amazing for the next 8 years	surprise
"""""""I lost control"""" would have been an understandable explanation. """"It lost control"""" is not. """	anger
Oh, those dreadful things. I gave those away.	fear
[NAME] pretty famous for that. I love the show but there is an entire episode that is blatant anti-nuclear energy fear mongering.	love
The fuck you call me!? A cunt!? Damn man, didn’t know I meant so much to you, right in the feels.	anger
Sorry, spelling [NAME] Smearing* Motherfukers* 	anger
Wow, kinda lame that if this true, most of us probably don't know about it.	surprise
I'm poly and jn the Raleigh area too, moved here for my wife's job, surprised to find so many people mention it haha. 	surprise
We are very clumsy creatures. Eventually you just learn to laugh it off. *The crying comes later when no one is around*	sadness
It's cool and fun and a nice change of pace but I want my hidden blades back next game.	joy
[NAME] is my favorite qb prospect and I've been watching football for 11 years	love
Haha i love chinese food	love
Yo this [NAME] was literally pulling moves out of the Hitman games jumping over to your balcony. Thats terrifying.	fear
Fuck people that don't like pbr, only cheap bear I'll drink next to natty boh	anger
I will let my nonexistent child die, thats all right with me!	sadness
I almost feel bad for China.... but the culture has a major problem with having 0 morals.	sadness
I never used an escalator until I was about 16 and I still remember moving stairs scaring the hell out of me	fear
i love them on the grill with italian sausage they turn so sweet, 	love
Dude I love working OC. You can bounce around like 4 different districts	love
You win some you lose some. Still love my mavs.	love
My heart is breaking for that little girl.	sadness
I feel terrible for their daughter. I wouldnt want to grow up in between the middle of that.	sadness
If [NAME] loses I’ll break my phone, [NAME] is fighting like wilder what the fuck is this comeback	anger
Why the fuck are you smiling for? Fuck you.	anger
Wow I’m glad I live in Cali	joy
I might be alone here, but it was probably Blame Game. I don't think I heard a rap song with that much emotional intensity before.	sadness
Pls not granny :(	sadness
OMG the ones they sometimes sell that are just one giant piece. LOVE	surprise
"""""""I love games. That's why I keep all those zip ties, plastic sheeting, balls gags and cattle prodders in my trunk."""""""	love
That would be the greatest night ever!	joy
Absolutely horrible.	fear
I like these kinds of multicultural projects. Very much in line with my feels about South Africa.	love
i accidentally liked one where my ex was underage....	love
I love that [NAME] knows to have both hands visible in the photo with that young girl. Better safe than sorry.	love
Gotta love Texas high school football for exposing me early.	love
Ah I love when I’m looking at a random thread and find you in the comments. Hey [NAME]!	love
Damn, you just reminded me how good that feels...	joy
"""I love the lady in the green jacket chasing after the second car looking back at the first car like """"look what you did"""""""	love
What in the hell are you talking about? I've never said that	anger
Problem is that picture is there before you ever set foot in the cabin; [NAME] put it there. Just makes it creepy.	fear
Holy heck I'm so happy for you! That shit is an expense no one needs to worry about, and nor you don't! :D	joy
My greatest fears are getting wooshed and not getting the joke.	fear
Just smile and wave boys. Smile and wave.	joy
"""When he said, """"IT'S CALLED RESPECT"""" and gritted through his teeth-- wow, he is just waiting to let his hands fly."""	surprise
He says he still loves me and wants me in his life. He cant bear to deal with the guilt he feels over Girl being jealous.	love
I love this information!	love
It's not cool that so many are going without pay and unable to make rent or buy groceries. Is a travesty that a manufactured crisis has come to this	sadness
I like your answer and good on ya, love me some [NAME]!	love
Happy cake day :)	joy
Love hearing [NAME] talk about money not gonna lie.	love
I'm so sorry that [NAME] has convinced you that his insane aggression isn't important.	sadness
I like him in Friends from College too!	love
I love this show!!	love
I feel like I know her. Is this Tampa by any chance?	love
You sound angry.	anger
I hated broccoli until my parents tapped into my obsession with dinosaurs and got me to pretend I was a brontosaurus	anger
Agreed. Sadly, it's not uncommon enough, and it makes me sad because of the implications about mutual respect or the lack thereof.	sadness
I love the '1000 paw slap' at the end.	love
I hate my life	sadness
Must be nice my seats were in that area... sadly I decided to go to the bathroom. #PTSD	sadness
he’s not happy with me	sadness
Oh nice I was wondering if you could mix flavours. I'll still stick to mint though 🤷‍♂️	surprise
Oh [NAME] imagining this tween screaming yaaass queen at a poor drag queen made me cringe into a ball	surprise
My friend on PS4 said that if you don’t stay to kill the bear, you can’t kill it.	anger
This makes me wanna die	sadness
yes, i fucking hate that.	anger
i had a weird feeling colts were gunna win the SB, should have put some money on it 	surprise
[NAME]. [NAME] and [NAME] just style on these scrubs with fucking mecha Tai Chi.	anger
True love isn't something you find, it's something you build. 	love
What a gift!	surprise
At least you can admit you value one innocent person's life over another. What a shock it's the rich politician over the security guard.	surprise
Can confirm as my first time commuting by motorcycle in the rain there was hail, then lots of thunder bolts and lightning , found it very very frightening. 	fear
[NAME] loves his Starbucks!	love
She's just going to suck you back in.	anger
The wow at the end without an ! really had not emthamused!	surprise
I’m now a [NAME] fan! Hope he does well, gl my Canadian brother ❤️	love
Uncle [NAME], you dirty old man.	anger
I love [NAME]	love
Well, it wasnt by 31.... So im still mad.	anger
I'll handle what ever comes my way, I adore our children. :)	love
There are so many posts from [NAME] on here it makes me wonder what people think wholesome means.	surprise
Glad she's not living in a bubble then....	joy
Wow. Yeah does your place autograt at 8 or more ? So sorry 😐	surprise
[NAME] loves you. Be yourself and don’t let bigots stop you.	love
Wonder where all the shit is.	surprise
I love how the sun just decides its going to pull Australia from Earth and cuddle with us... If only it didn't burn so much.	love
I love this. Just be racist against everyone and then it's fine!	love
I know and that made me sad!	sadness
What’s the reference matter if it’s still insulting? Glad your degree is coming in handy for something.	joy
Any time he's passionate about something. I love seeing passionate people and 9/10 want to rip your clothes off.	love
I'm actually surprised none of his wives have stabbed him in his sleep already. Now he has secret service protection 😋	surprise
I haven't seen a sign like that on mine. Not that it would carry the force of law, anyway, in Florida.	surprise
Depression is being sad when there's no reason to be. Losing two ws back to back now that's a reason to be sad	sadness
[NAME] didn't finish the LPs!? Wow. I am in episode 20 something and was expecting him to finish :(	surprise
[NAME] no, these are horrid on anyone.	fear
I love this sub. Always 5% toxic, 95% thought out properly 	love
She already had a child protection worker. It wasn’t her first rodeo sadly.	sadness
Glad to hear it's ubiquitous and not an OS thing.	joy
Omg I love these things so much	love
I loved it so much more than I thought I would! [NAME] does an amazing job with quite a bizarre concept!	joy
Cheers mate, ill do that!	joy
oh id love to hear it if you ever find it. he is one of my all time favorite authors	love
Hate those ~~things~~ Tweets.	anger
The only clown that make me laugh.	joy
I would love to see spirit in her kimono as well if that,s possible in the future >< I love your work !	love
Same. Not being hateful to the op but I don't see the connection.	anger
Good news though. Yesterday the devs were running test server during the morning.	joy
This is so wildly specific I love it	love
Your imaginary boyfriend is kinda creepy. Although, if he's kinky then he may be for keeps. *wink 	fear
DJ finding consistency makes me happy	joy
This inspiring.	joy
(I tried to answer this in my below comment but I also just wanted to say I really love your username)	love
Shut up, Mag!	anger
The third picture is creepy.	fear
Its all good until that episode where [NAME] traps the bat on [NAME] head comes on and she screams bloody murder and wakes us up.	sadness
I mean I love this but I actually think the backup was better.	love
I used to enjoy it and grew out of it.	joy
Sadly, he seems immune to bans. He also dodges them with alts like [NAME]	sadness
One of my favorite films. I got to see a screening with a live soundtrack conducted by [NAME]. There were tears in my eyes!	love
U.S. are going to fuck this [NAME] guy so hard...he's going to need help to remove all the stars from his rectum	anger
I still can't believe that dude in Whangarei is still allowed to run his business. I wonder how much longer he will keep it up.	surprise
I like this one she looks like she's basking in the warmth of the sun and just taking it all in it came out real nice partner	love
Wait wait wait... did [NAME] go 61-27??	surprise
Don't you even dare try to put any blame on [NAME]	anger
I like TRTL.	love
I cannot sadly, good luck though.	sadness
Debs a bitch	anger
We all love to read into data without actually reading the data.	love
I'm leaving to go get some more motherfucking jokes MOM [NAME]	anger
[NAME] really loves [NAME].	love
I wonder if, as an added bonus, [NAME] ended the cameo with a dic pic. 	surprise
I've honestly looked at mine and thought, I wonder if it'd keep my cup of coffee hot.	surprise
Then enjoy your shutdown!	joy
My wife loves to sleep in over oversized clothes and a lot of times it ends up falling off one of her shoulders. Yes please.	love
Oh man I feel bad now. If you find it funny than it's funny 💖 sorry	sadness
I was actually looking in to this game, glad they did this now so I can avoid it, yeesh	joy
I am very happy with play music. please tell me this is a lie	joy
Oh I'm contributing mate, don't you worry. The sub clown has been made to look like a knob again! Enjoy your Sunday night x	joy
"""""""UGH FEMINISM!!! SURELY THATS THE REASON I CANT GET LAID!!!"""" see you in hell """	anger
I once hi-fived the GCS mascot and loved to tell the tale, [NAME]!	love
I like what you did to PK ☺	love
I really hate ginger ale. With a passion. The scenario in that scene makes me sick to my stomach.	sadness
My poor baby	sadness
There's an Arby's/Long John Silvers near where I live. I'm glad they don't cross menu items.	joy
It absolutely is. Sadly, most players seem to only want [NAME] with different aesthetics.	sadness
Maybe try to do some little thing you really used to enjoy. Even if it's just for 5 mins it's still a small victory.	joy
Nice! You and her would get along i bet. She loves her crafty machines and creative people. 😇	love
God damn I miss this game!	sadness
**KICK HIS ASS SEABASS**	anger
Will that's what that poor child was just taught. Some parents have no idea	sadness
I wish I could tell you if it was a good t.v. Let me just find the MOTHERFUCKING REMOTE!!!!!!!!	anger
She must hate her father.	anger
Love it. More power to you!	love
Love the username.	love
Omg I could cry at this	surprise
I was surprised when they sewed them together instead of hot gluing them.	surprise
I miss you [NAME] 😢😭	sadness
hello there, i sent some hugs your way. ^.^	love
Oh, did you not know [NAME] is the highest graded overall passrusher in this class? At any position!	surprise
I like it when science proves things I thought was common knowledge	love
I work from home and live with my daughters. It's so serene, but also a lot of fun because we have great times together.	joy
Nah, substance abuse is sad, period. 	sadness
This is dangerous.	fear
I had a feeling...crazy what that guy can do to his body.	joy
[NAME] my favorite character 🤣	love
The cheerfulness of the “hail satan” text overlay was unexpected.	surprise
Oh for fuck’s sake.	anger
Because you deserve to live and be happy	joy
Competitive Deathmatch was a huge reaper fest last season :( Had many games where everyone was reaper except maybe two people	sadness
But something is extremely wrong if people are getting sick. Might not be a sonic wave, but it definitely is *something*	sadness
All fair enough, but you should start just cleaning your dishes straight after you use them. You'll be much happier.	joy
Ahhh more and more selfish	anger
I'm kind of struggling tonight. Bored, lonely... man 	sadness
Oh I know. [RELIGION] is the most severe form of brainwashing on the planet. There’s absolutely nothing like it. It blows my mind.	surprise
yeah, there's even more registered online. scary.	fear
I love seeing the crowd's reaction to that every away game.	love
This picture really drives home that the CIS can be super terrifying when they want to.	fear
“What the FUCK is this [NAME], explain!”	anger
It was fucking in!!	anger
Ok cool but where can you study Old Norse? That seems like exactly the type of useless but cool skill I’d love to have.	love
Just wanted to say I love your username	love
Coincidence..only 2 hours ago I opened a roll of US quarters Ive had for a few months..16 regular pcs...and 24 states quarters. 24..quite happy.	joy
I second that motion...with A VENGEANCE!!	anger
Ah, so you're the reason people hate aspies. 	anger
Wow 4K!DS Kaede looks kinda decent	surprise
TBH she kind of brought it on herself. I'm glad the GM came to his senses.	joy
Dark humor is like food. Teenagers love it and prefer quantity over quality.	love
Wow, so that means common tongue isn’t English!?!	surprise
I'm just happy I have the Pen to watch and listen too when the Steelers are on the brink of collapsing...PLUS no locker room drama...	joy
You stole this	anger
And happy cake day.	joy
Love the [NAME]	love
Damn is it really?! Ah, that makes me love his performance even more	love
I'm not vegan cause I love animals, I'm vegan cause I hate myself. 	anger
Try it sometime man. You may just enjoy it	joy
I love cops and military. I just want them privatized.	love
The OP is definitely [NAME], and I'm not complaining. Love his work 	love
Devastating to hear of any news like this :(	sadness
No. It’s creepy.	fear
two robocoughs what a good idea i love buying robocough by the case	love
I cheered for the Superbowl to be canceled	joy
I love [NAME]	love
Oh shit. Is back?! Time to import	surprise
I love stories that end well. Makes the new year even better.	love
I'm on the receiving end of a breakup, and i'm not handling it well. So cheers from Germany!	joy
Where did you see them? I’d like to watch too	love
Half right I am 15 but I’m not a goth and just enjoy the taste of human mostly blood but flesh is almost as good	joy
I'll admit that's a bit surprising, since it's such a massive international hub. But beggars can't be choosers I guess. 	surprise
Always been a Yankees and Chargers fan. Ask me how it feels to lose to Boston in two division playoff rounds within a few months.	love
i love the eyes wtf they’re staring into my soul	love
Love your username!	love
>Playing competitive MTG has brought me as much joy as my children. Yeah this conversation is over	joy
Thats just dumb, u are stealing from people that just want to live a good life cuz other were unlucky, they were also unlucky by being born.	anger
You will watch porn again, don't try to fool me	anger
I’m happy for you two. Cheers!	joy
And it’s not like he was a bad coach. We’ve been spoiled from all our great seasons.	anger
You are an asshole.	anger
[NAME] damn, she must fuckin’ STINK.	anger
Love takes work and commitment. If it's not worth the work it isn't love. Learned that one from my blood family.	love
A million little things. I love it, but cheating arc within first couple episodes. 	love
My 2 year old loves Word Party. Story Bots is another good Netflix option.	love
Glad she was a good sport about it.	joy
I like this. I like this a lot.	love
The real tips are always in the comments :D	joy
> The defunct club still sit third in the overall NI league roll of honour despite not having competed for 70 years. Wow	surprise
I was so scared to click that. Yet I did.	fear
[NAME] is pretty fucking scary	fear
I shower with the lights off. The first time felt really unnatural but now it's actually really comforting.	joy
Agree, I love her so much	love
[NAME]. i love it	love
Just imagine Disney characters without gloves. Yes it's that horrifying	fear
I will happily convert to [RELIGION] if I can quit my job and have unlimited food. Please tell me how to accomplish this	joy
"""Bring them into your home, feed them, love them and have a sign made that says """"cat sanctuary"""" and hang it above your front door. """	love
Cant you tell how sad she is from her face?	sadness
I can't believe you won!	surprise
I love learning, but I can’t be asked.. 	love
That’s sad, although I’m aware they historically haven’t been weaned off of authoritarianism.	sadness
You don't even deserve my attention anymore. Bon voyage sucka	anger
No one to blame here, bad luck is what it is.	sadness
It’s crazy how many people don’t know the difference between fluid ounces and weight lol	surprise
I'm so glad [NAME] finally got her visa, she's going to do awesome living in the USA!!!!	joy
i miss this show so much	sadness
Replace OG for [NAME] then, remove the pick, add [NAME] for salary. I love OG but [NAME] worth it	love
Marginal taxes was taught in my high school economic literacy class, it's so sad that so many people don't even understand the basics of our tax system 	sadness
I wanted to slap her when she told him she could have died and it would be his fault.	anger
No worries. Apparently he still loves Toronto.	love
Wow so much younger but he sounds mature	surprise
I like [NAME] chicken nuggets.	love
I'm beginning to wonder how I lived before without these daily posts.	surprise
I’m tryin to make the community better and bring this to peoples attention he’s a filthy cheater	anger
I'm happy to go without but if it's readily available then everyday.	joy
Fuck those people, there's no point thinking about them	anger
Gahs that’s so sweet	love
You're a sealion and a leftist troll. Begone, and enjoy your ban.	joy
This is still one of my favorite photos.	love
Looks like you got it bad. How soon till you can get out on your own?	sadness
I like saying the n-word, it makes me happy	joy
Never go to the post office. that place is hell. pay commercial plus online and order every material you need.	anger
Yeah it was a fun game. :D	joy
Still saddened by the fact that we never got to see prime [NAME] vs prime [NAME].	sadness
I got your back. I love you ❤️	love
FEAR THE TURTLE	fear
Wow, the interview with her mom really made that clip.	surprise
I like you. Hi.	love
Enjoy the ahuahuasca	joy
OH MY GOOSE! You got my super obscure reference! I literally squealed out loud when I read this comment.	surprise
I love it, made me smile. Glad he is helping out animal friends!	love
[NAME] looking like his fucking controller disconnected	anger
Everybody talks about this but I wonder if it increases the chances of prostate cancer. Do you know?	surprise
:o I have one too! I didn't get anything but bullied at school, though.	sadness
😡this was a scam	anger
DJ's mocks are always a little off pre combine/FA. I still really like his mocks, this one i just off to me though.	love
Multiply it by hundreds to account for all employees of the store and then yes, it is true Also love how they mock the mentally disabled here. 10/10 /s	love
If one day I have daughters, I want them to be so badass that these kids! Nice to see them enjoying metal! 	joy
Paid $1.66 in Arlington today....love this	love
I wonder how fat activism intersects with animal rights tho.	surprise
Totally fair. I would be sad in your situation. :( I hope you find it. You're not wrong to want those things!	sadness
DONT BE NEEDY. TALK TO OTHER GIRLS.	anger
Normally yeah but that was my friends first match ever and to encounter such a killer, who was running noed too is kinda disheartening for him	sadness
We all love our childbrain president and all the wonderful things he’s doing for ~~white~~ American people.	love
This is terrifying	fear
yeah guys, stop complaining about violent mobs and join one!	anger
Conservatives love to agree with cryptofacists and pretend all accusations are a smear campaign.	love
Mental games. Take a (mental) shot everytime the teacher mispronounces a word,or messes up grammatically	anger
It seems strange to me that [NAME] is still unsigned this close to the season.	surprise
Nothing is wrong with hugs and love, but most adults need sleep too.	love
TV shows. And occasionally movies. I stopped Interstellar at that stupid love speech. Never finished it.	anger
How could you ever get bored of place that is getting more and more enjoyable as you are there	joy
I like [NAME] :(	love
That sucks. Learn to check your ping like everyone else.	anger
Give him 8/240, ship [NAME] and [NAME] to the Padres in a three-team deal for [NAME]. Boom. I solved the offseason. You're welcome.	joy
I thought so too, glad I asked.	joy
Always happy to help	joy
My prince!	love
I'll put it into context. I love DBZ. I hated Battle of the Gods + Resurrection of Freeza. I *fucking adore* Super Broly.	love
That is absolutely terrifying to me. Oh my god. The idea that she was trapped as a toddler her entire life is just... wow.	fear
supernova AOC <3, the lies the media gets away with. Glad someone is talking back with real umph	joy
Where the fuck is that Kepner rocks person when we need them the most.	anger
Allow me to describe the shock and awe I experienced seeing this: **Fuck no why u do this?**	anger
uhh guys love natural beauty in a partner but the random effort is like a cool surprise	love
I'm just salty man. I hate playing Houston. I'm sure it's a nice place to live.	anger
None at all. I dont like kids and dont want them. I got a vasectomy and it's a done deal. Zero regrets	anger
How dare you interrupt the circle jerk. Out, sir.	anger
I am sorry human being :(	sadness
It makes being ugly even more pathetic. All that work just to create suffering.	anger
Really bad trap if noone falls for it	anger
indeed, but im worried that this matchup will end up as the biggest bait since years and rookie will crush him badly	fear
"""They're not """"likes"""" you fucking moron."""	anger
I would smash both	anger
And yet nobody bat an eyelid when it was [NAME] who was palling around with [NAME]. I wonder why.	surprise
For a second I didn’t see the t in “stack.” Was wondering how you did that but nvm.	surprise
I think I love you. That pun took my broth away.	love
i love it	love
Oh look another shit call	anger
Glad your a Liberal supporter.	joy
Enchanted - [NAME]😍	love
I will kill you all	anger
Yeah that last one made me hate her the most for some reason.	anger
I’m amazed how anti-government these people are. They have no understanding of what government does. Perhaps they should move to Somalia. No government there.	surprise
Bengals are a quirky breed 😸	surprise
in the words of [NAME]: As big as you're gonna get, so enjoy it. Had to give you a career to destroy it 	joy
It was funny until they started to diss on chick fil a	joy
[NAME] was the only one I actually liked, besides [NAME].	love
I can see how you feel , THIS DID NOT TEACH A CHILD TO RESPECT ANIMALS and im ashamed and upset honeslty no horse deserved that.	anger
Peeps poisoned our water supply, burned our crops, and delivered a plague unto our houses!	sadness
I'm happy for you and myself.	joy
My life is complete	joy
Pressure 7 targets/10 targets, popcorn, any tracking, and any tile frenzy because I enjoy trying to beat my highscore	joy
Sad because you don't get any women?	sadness
The fact someone could read your post and literally go and do this saddens me.	sadness
I love Kaep so much for those 2 playoff games alone.	love
Go on. I'd love to hear more about this.	love
the fact that [NAME] still exists is somehow the strangest thing about this	surprise
That was honestly my first thought I’m so glad someone else went there too	joy
Hey, good to see ya here!	joy
But don't you see it! How dare she show two inches of skin...	anger
Wow if ur mom didn’t come back for her card you were a goner crazy	surprise
I never used the word mean. Chill. I said weak and it is. Its sad aswell.	sadness
I skipped the Oilers game for a birthday party for a cat. I’m glad I did that instead.	joy
she looks so happy and well rested	joy
Oh no, the gig is up. I'm really [NAME]. LOL	joy
I like my coons too	love
Love you too	love
"""The biggest argument on your side is depreciate costs. You could challenge their concern of """"getting fooled"""" by getting the car inspected by an independent."""	anger
Like who? The one guy stranded in desert already hating his life...	anger
Life is Strange is terrible. Absolutely zero gameplay...	fear
Yeah my girlfriend hates it when I joke about her weight. She needs to lighten up too	joy
Get out asap.	anger
Reminds me of [NAME] from the documentary THIN who purged food through a feeding tube in her stomach. This sounds dangerous.	fear
I don't care, [NAME] tweets make me uncomfortable and I hate him!!! - Liberals	anger
This sounds like a tangent from Brows Held High. I like it.	love
"""""""Talk about vaccines again and your next shot will be from my gun... of crystals bathed in essential oils"""""""	anger
Everyone is sad on this sub dont take it personally if you don't get any replies.	sadness
Surprised Colorado ain’t got one the way things have been going here past couple years	surprise
Sending love! Feel free to update me on progress if it helps! illegitimi non carborundum!	love
Well, supposedly [NAME] wrote TPM in only a couple days, and people hated it.	anger
> She fucked my bumper up and I will forever hate her And her insurance didn't repair it because???	anger
Those ears...those horrible ears	fear
the father sending up 4 donuts every morning via stair lift to dtr, before she even comes down to breakfast, wonders if he is enabling her.	surprise
I love my state sometimes	love
EMAO fats (Eat my ass off)	anger
i’m running, hiding & avoiding this man. poor girl. her story is a sad one 	sadness
Cant you just feel the unconditional love <3	love
I, for one, am glad you didn’t. Happy you’re still with us 	joy
If you are really so dead set against shoveling sidewalks, perhaps you should move to a warmer climate. 	fear
Hi! :) Because I am broke, I guess.	sadness
Dang, dawg. That one shocked me 	surprise
Agreed, rarely get mad at ones like hun or darl. Being called boy by an old man however is infuriating.	anger
I think the unluckiest... is [NAME]. :(	sadness
He remains the only serve bot I enjoy watching.	joy
Wow, the video is a lot worse than I thought. His actions after he asks for the age is very uncomfortable. 	surprise
I’ve been hurt too many times for it all to have been for nothing	sadness
When [NAME] like “should we have an alien baby” and [NAME] looked SO happy 😂💛	joy
I love life, happy new year boys!	love
Oh god [NAME] has a fucking gun oh fuck	surprise
Oooo sounds lovely. Armpit hair on “fleek”	love
I CANT BELIEVE HER WIG STAYED ON WITH ALL THAT CAKE!!!! [NAME] tape really does hold back all, y'all. Alaska who?	surprise
How poignant.	sadness
I think I’d take the long view - the good news is that at least she’s not pregnant...	joy
This is love <3	love
I'm moving to the UK in 2 weeks. This terrifies me.	fear
This literally made my day!	joy
I never really hated [NAME], but now I love [NAME]	love
What a useless tool.	anger
I'm so glad you're annoyed.	joy
This is a new complaint I haven't seen before... I like it.	love
Me too! I got scared that I've been laundry inpaired my whole life and never even realized it!	fear
Oh my god.... They used [NAME] voice!	surprise
"""Oh damn, that would have been the only correct response! """"Sorry, but I have a boyfriend."""" End of conversation."""	sadness
Gives me [NAME] 2005 bad memories.	sadness
I love this sub	love
I mean, it was season two level of “what the fuck are you doing writers?!”	anger
I can't remember a time during my early childhood where I didn't dress up like my mom and almost break my little ankles in her heels	sadness
My favorite parody in fact.	love
You don't need to escape to have fun, if you want to win just get some friends to play with.	joy
Men find that attractive because it's distinctly feminine. Well, let me add, women who love women love it for the same reason. 	love
"""I hate it when the suits call our oncology program a """"service line"""""""	anger
It pains me to see [NAME] used in this abhorrent meme	sadness
these people are holding our country back. Im happy natural selection is taking its course.	joy
Fuck taking the high road. If I’m [NAME] I’m blasting the officials when I speak to the media.	anger
When I was a kid I had the biggest crush on [NAME] from Footballer's Wives. She's hard as hell now.	love
I really like [NAME] and [NAME] on the court together	love
> But my god, that fucking face. Never mind her, what about him further down.	anger
This shit had me howling, which I can't say happens too often. Didn't expect to see comedic gold in that sub.	anger
I love this game already	love
Need chemicals. Love it.	love
No, stop! He'll stop cranking the job machine if you insult him again!	anger
Is that you? I love it.	love
I love the neck movement at the end 😂	love
She looked the wrong way on a one way street. How are you that stupid.	anger
Did that with an oven pizza at 3am in my underwear. Got burns all over my stomach	sadness
... Still laughed!	joy
Yes please. Take the cheeto too, fuck it.	anger
I love having an airhorn that double as an oh shit handle. Safe hands, loud horn!	love
Gotta love how these are mostly done at churches, no separation there.	love
Simon's or the bay. [NAME] makes some merino ones that are unbelievable. They are not cheap though.	surprise
the fucking buffet part killed me, i always considered myself good at roasting but damn bro lmaoo	anger
I loved [NAME]. She was too fine. [NAME] and [NAME] too. S1 babes were the best.	love
Oh baby a triple!	surprise
It boggles my mind every day how easily conspiracy theorist stuck their flag in Trumpland.	surprise
Yes! I love her laugh so much	love
Happy Birthday I hope this means anything, the little things matter sometimes.	joy
If it makes you feel better im gonna be scrubbing out hard for a while so maybe ill see you round to give me another loss	sadness
*Hey just noticed..* it's your **8th Cakeday** jama211! ^(hug)	joy
You are not wrong. I have learned about myself alot while on drugs. Sometimes it's scarry when i find out how limited my mind is.	fear
that looks like a nightmare.	fear
I haven't heard that name in SO LONG. They had this GBA game that was one of my favorite games of all time!	joy
Two twin mattress on the floor of my room pushed together. Luckily one of us has a particular love for the middle.	love
They’re honestly a cult at this point. It’s not just sad, but incredibly scary.	fear
I'm loving his new mask. Looking like a snack over there 😍🤤	love
It's hard for me to switch between english and spanish in the same sentence, sorry I'll try to improve in the future	sadness
I love [NAME]	love
The fact that this being brought up makes it a real scary feeling.	fear
Get one. I love mine.	love
Sometimes it even feels pathetic which I know I should be trying not to be so hard on myself but, yknow, evidence is hard to ignore	sadness
Yes get [NAME] almost all the way the fuck out of here.	anger
I was a little pissed off until I watched this loop 6 times. Now I'm happy! Weee!	joy
Sending you love ❤️	love
Fucking refs suck my balls.	anger
I like it	love
I definitely expected unwatchable pro-life drama and was quite delighted	joy
Who da fuck wears swim trunks to a competition	anger
These are some of the lamest threatening letters I’ve ever seen. She’s a metahuman who can you murder people with her voice.	fear
Due to work, gotta stay legal. Edibles aren’t legal yet sadly. Fortunately not taking it for cancer though, just pain.	sadness
Sold out. Sorry my dude!	sadness
What an immature response. With a little passive agressive racism to boot. Classy.	anger
Levels mate. Absolutely obsessed with our dominance.	sadness
Luv ya too buddy 😝	love
This is so sad. #playdespacito	sadness
I know 😢 it’s one of my life’s goals to see a moose in real life despite how terrified I will be lol!!	fear
Miss you...	sadness
[NAME] is amazing how dare you	anger
Now my mental image is narrowed down to a big imposing woman or a spidery woman that scares me just to be around.	fear
I am so glad they didn't have this attendance in my day, skipping class would be impossible.	joy
What the FRICK	anger
I’m actually suprised they all didn’t follow him and now they all have to repeat junior year.	surprise
Joseph Vincent is the goat when it comes to highlights, I’m so happy he made a Saquads video	joy
I was raised solo parent so it was more of an angry hushed whisper when they thought I was in the other room.	anger
Okay that was funny lol	joy
i love this	love
I'd hardly call them innocent if they're reveling in the thought of more mass shootings. People like that deserve worse, quite frankly.	anger
Wow dan I like being up at 4am....	love
She should be FIRED	anger
I feel sorry for him. He gotta be an awkward guy who has no friends.	sadness
Oh yeah its that other chick who looked way to young to be in highschool	surprise
It took a surprisingly long time for this to be seen by me on this sub.	surprise
What’s the clip from? I’m scared to put “teen boy good kisser 900 number” into YouTube	fear
I love that fray. I wonder how he got it.	love
this is my worst fear	fear
There's having fun and being a hoe, OP seem to assume what she is, so ni worries for her. 	joy
I love her	love
I really don't think healthy people with no other emotional issues regret having their kids.	sadness
I love that this gets light. Keep talking. Especially AOC. Don't stop.	love
Love the Chappelle Show reference by [NAME] at the end there.	love
It’s the comment about smelling her that makes it pure cringe.	fear
I'd love a 2D animated [NAME] trilogy. You can really go wild with animation and wild is exactly how I'd describe [NAME].	love
I love how she literally held [NAME] back, a few times. They’re adorable. 	love
That was a hell of a tip, that happens	anger
Me too! They were half off at the grocery store and people love ‘em.	love
Trolling cat lovers used to be funny, 24 years ago.	joy
I’m surprised she didn’t name him Allesandrostien	surprise
. The only thing that matters is that [NAME] was murdered and those responsible must pay.	sadness
I love how they added a camouflage hat on the australian dude for no reason at all	love
>Teamates lap ruin Omg nothing makes me so angry same as running towards the hook or gen with the killer behind. Run somewhere else!	anger
I love [NAME] but he seems to enjoy deleting his videos after a while :(	love
Holy shit this speaks to me.	surprise
Oh dear [NAME]!	surprise
Agreed. Everything she did was bad. She didn't anything good at all. Edit: Grammar.	anger
I still can't believe [NAME] actually gonna be in Smash.	surprise
I love every bulge, scar, stretch mark and jiggle. Every single one tells a story I want to hear.	love
Drugs are a hell of a drug...	anger
Love you, [NAME]	love
"""The only """"pro choice"""" I like is pro choice of guns! Another LIBERAL trolled epic style"""	love
This is my favorite picture in this sub	love
I used to love watching movie reviews and video essays. But it’s seems like I can’t enjoy anything anymore	sadness
Love the beauty of nature.	love
This is extremely dangerous. And would completely marginalize anyone without a chip. Making it an absolute necessity for everyone to have a chip.	fear
TRENDY PEOPLE DANCING WITH PRODUCTS	anger
Nashville as a whole is easily one of the most classist, racist, judgemental, prejudiced cities I've set foot in. 	anger
I have no idea how we are down by ONLY 13. Its truly a miracle.	surprise
Wow what a surprise...	surprise
This makes me happy. Happy new year everyone	joy
you are correct, but now it is over. and i cry	sadness
Lol i love this person	love
Fuck this team. I’m done, we all should boycott this bullshit	anger
Wow! This got far more real than I was anticipating.	surprise
I loved [NAME] as a little kid but I wanted jean's powers but I couldn't stand how goodie goodie her and [NAME] were.	joy
Hear, hear. I'm just lucky my career field is relatively un-fuckerized. Truer words have never been spoken.	joy
NEXT TIME! ON THE CURSE OF OAK ISLAND!	fear
That was painful to read.	sadness
I'd love [NAME], boy can shoot	love
Hate to see him go. The only thing I’m complaining about besides this was the hagelin trade back in November. Both hit home	sadness
That's my favorite type of plane.	love
Once upon a time I got banned for a whole day because of bad behavior... Oh wait that was all of us...	sadness
I love how he says the crime *solving* boat, like there was another show about a boat committing crimes. 	love
He makes my man bits tingle. Loved him in Robin Hood Men in Tights just as much.	love
A surprise to be sure! But a welcome one	surprise
burn the witch!	anger
While I understand where you are coming from, this is a tad too aggressive.	anger
Can't speak for that dude, but I'd say hell yeah they're a hate sub. 	anger
[NAME] this is so true, sometimes i will remember it like 5 years later and still regret it	sadness
I miss big daddy buff	sadness
Subscribed! I love it.	love
Definite Fridge Horror moment for that movie. That poor man.	sadness
If he feeds the RBs and designs some QB fakes that actually fool defenses I’ll be happy with everything else	joy
Haha, then i am in... :)	joy
Stupid pipe ruined a pretty good debut	anger
Poor and lonely.	sadness
But, it entertains you.... in some way. Thats the point dude.	joy
It happened and I'm very happy	joy
This has to be made as a satire of terrible memes . Like r/okbuddyretard material	fear
Pet-sitting is over, didn't know I was lonely without a doggo until now. 	sadness
Hi, [NAME]! I hope you have the best day ever! -HappyFriendlyBot	joy
Damn, that's the only war we lost. 	anger
I love how dramatic it is. It's perfectly self aware	love
Shut up [NAME] we’ve had enough of experts	anger
i feel like there’s actually very few refs I really like. a lot of them lack consistency.	love
I miss the Scottish [NAME].	sadness
Man this sucks. Hope you’re enjoying life in a big house with lambs!	anger
I’m glad at least one good thing could come from my experience!	joy
Same here, i hope my upcoming trip is gonna kill me	fear
The [NAME] are all laughing at each other. They are divided. We need to strike them down while they are weak.	joy
He did get 3 stars bro😭	sadness
WHO WAS DRAAAAAAGED DOOOOOOOWN BYYY THE STOOOOOONE	anger
That last sentence pains me	sadness
Thank you. I thought I was going crazy for a sec.	joy
First I was afraid, I was petrified...	fear
This story puts me in the mood for a jolly rancher	joy
I'm sorry man sounds bad	sadness
Because it's not mildlyinfuriating that you have to ask strangers to not be assholes?	anger
I love how Chapotraphouse links directly to neoliberal	love
Yea feel sad for that kid, that native guy is an anti [NAME] activist who destroyed his life 	sadness
My nuts hurt watching that second part	sadness
Even [NAME] got sick of grunge	sadness
Wow the [NAME] replies appeared in less than ten minutes this time!	surprise
Aww that makes my day too <3	joy
Shockingly, some people continue to educate and improve themselves. You might benefit from it.	surprise
Sloths are cute! Especially when they’re covered in moss	love
So those 2am cravings are really just my instincts keeping me alive	joy
Wtf Powerhouse Macomb is the gym I go to. I've never seen this dude there.	surprise
Because you didn't realize MEPS was an acronym? Yeah, definitely taking anything you say to heart. Piss off depper. 	anger
Hey. As long as the person I help is better off than when I first saw them, I’m happy.	joy
Hmm, I understand your frustration then	anger
Omg creepy!	fear
I enjoyed it somewhat, but haven't felt like rewatching (or owning) it.	joy
Nothing. Fuck the environment so people can think they saved a few bucks. People are fucking stupid.	anger
Windbreakers, we’re supposed to wear them when it’s cold as apparently a joke to keep us warm 🙃 I hate doing drive ups now	anger
we love critical impactful discourse	love
I love the Nets	love
Fuck shit bitch	anger
Don’t tell me what to do.	anger
I can't tell you how happy I am that [NAME] and [NAME] are Polynesian Sauce guys.	joy
Luckily my wages are rising faster to compensate. Oh wait...	joy
Sorry for your loss. My bestfriend is turning 13 soon and I'm trying to cherish every minute we still have.	sadness
I loved when the guy who plays [NAME] showed up as a reporter in The Good Place, but I wish he'd have spoken the same way.	love
"""I love how you're getting downvoted for understanding ENTPs better than the """"ENTPs"""" in this thread."""	love
I always loved Sunday’s because it was Extreme Homemaker, Desperate Housewives, and then Grey’s Anatomy. 	love
That’s horrible. Only religion could make an otherwise normal person want to show a torture and murder video to a child.	fear
I like how she was trying to stop the fight, then just gave up and started throwing them too.	love
Love you (No homo)	love
That's far from what happened and there is overwhelming evidence to the contrary of the circumstances of her death that it leaves no room for debate really.	sadness
Love the username	love
You can find the light! Maybe get a pet to love :)	love
P3 hit me so hard in the feels that every time I hear a song from it or watch anything P3 related, I just burst into tears.	sadness
Hey everyone I like my braves subbreddit without advertisements	love
Yes. You fucking troll me every time. Fuck you.	anger
Not a single one of these allegations are of Russian collusion. It's more perjury trap nonsense.	anger
Oh boy you’re in for a treat. Make sure you visit Austin if you move	joy
I get through a pack of tennis biscuits a week at work. Coconut bliss	joy
[NAME] man..... I hope this is just one of his overdramatic moments on the floor... He's scared me like 5 times this year....	fear
THIS IS NOT DETROIT, MAN! THIS IS THE SUPERBOWL!	anger
Wow, are you me? No one is a fan of season 1 but I definitely do this. There are little gems despite [NAME].	surprise
I didn't even cringe at this, I unironically love doggo mems	love
Yes! I play both, because I like the combat of one and everything else in the other.	joy
I hate Twitter more and more each day....the people on there are so toxic it literally makes me sick. They can't appreciate a good meme.	anger
And you wonder why Labour get's a bad name for anti-Semitism with statements like that. Ok hun.	surprise
Man you'd be shocked to know some women still remain passive even when married.	surprise
Glad your boss backed you up	joy
She looks almost devoid of color. Kinda like a manga. Amazing.	joy
Hated her. And that was honestly a more offensive reaction than everyone laughing at her IMHO	anger
Still waiting on [NAME] to tell me how GIFs are terrible and I can’t afford to watch anymore of them.	fear
Love this answer.	love
This is a terrible idea	fear
i like the poster	love
Stop doing weird things	anger
I'm so depressed	sadness
Happy cakeday your username is fun	joy
Yeah until the last one has creepily wed and reproduced.	fear
You're an idiot	anger
That's sick I love your setup! Have a great tour bud!	love
"""You know when I typed """"legal tender"""" I had a horrible feeling I was going down a rabbit hole."""	fear
i also love this one	love
[NAME]. I love how this question soundly crushes that entire paragraph, and the only response is a downvote.	love
Of course the one Ospreys player was my boi [NAME] <3	love
nah man im just shook and dead™️	surprise
Idk about you but I love crispy vagina	love
I'm so sad for you, I'm so so sorry. 💔	sadness
Never thought I’d see a comrade here	surprise
You’re welcome! It’ll absolutely be worth it. And it’ll be fun! :D	joy
I love this reply	love
With the tomahawk through the A? Loved those.	love
Sadly this is how you get shit fixed	sadness
[NAME] I hate this man	anger
For the love of all that is good get rid of these people already.	love
Fire the ux designers and yes also our beloved [NAME]	anger
It kind of surprised us how much of a feeling of control it gave us.	surprise
Glad to hear it’s open again, great spot. I still class climbing Coonowrin as the stupidest thing I’ve ever done.	joy
That’s Grandpa [NAME]. I stomp flaming bags with my boots	anger
Don’t be a class traitor	anger
FUCK LES BRUNS	anger
I love the fact nobody talks about boycotting the Times (owned by the same media group), because they know scousers don't read it anyway. 😂	love
A great way to start the new year. Happy New year everyone.	joy
I loved this look and it was good but this comment..	love
Oh, how I miss real spicy Chinese food. Day after, not so much.	surprise
Damn I love 20 mins from Akron, but looks juicy. 	love
**I LOVE YOU!!!!** *[NAME] has unfollowed you.* ...oh.	love
terrifying every time.	fear
I mean this in the least creepy way possible, tell me how it works out NO DETAILS PLEASE GOD NO	fear
Pity because I enjoyed Max Normal.	joy
Happy cake day!!!	surprise
Shame on you	anger
PEOPLE LIKE THING AGGRESSIVELY BE PROUD OF IGNORANCE	anger
I'm most amazed by implicit suggestion that you still aren't showing any signs. i mean coming out should be sign enough right?	surprise
It’s a smart move but also hurts the business and possibly false. It’s rude.	anger
I enjoy living the lie. I do it everyday	joy
[NAME], but they all seem to be genuinely happy with their lives and supporting each other, so I’m happy for them too	joy
Yeah but you're not anymore I'm afraid.	fear
I love them too. That one is definitely my favourite. Here’s a close second. He speaks three ‘space languages’	love
I loved [NAME] back in the day. He always seemed to pancake [NAME].	love
That movie really scared me when I was a kid.	fear
Watching this makes me angry.	anger
The “sad [NAME]” tops it off	sadness
I’m surprised nyxl hasn’t done that with their overloaded dps roster, but a possible upcoming import limit might be the issue	surprise
I would love it! [NAME] has a history of injuries just like [NAME] used to!!! Do it!!	love
I love how that's pretty much all they can do, literally beg for him not to run.	love
love you comrade! <3 you should get a cool flair too	love
It's shameful that he has to preface this post with his bias. Couldn't just leave well enough alone.	anger
Cried when [NAME] and [NAME] gave each other a big hug and [NAME] lifted him off the ground.	sadness
What The actual fuck	anger
Fuck [NAME] for continuing to give her a platform.	anger
When traffic is moving it is definitely not legal nor safer. I hate how dip shits like you spread false information on this [NAME] forsaken subject.	anger
GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE RUDY	anger
That's the main reason to play [NAME]? I hate it too.	anger
How dare you	anger
Stay away from her kids, [NAME]!	anger
And we play for 6 dollars, this makes me so angry we need a big ass casino in that game	anger
Fuck daesh *	anger
Sorry mate, you’ve got the wrong sub. This is for **bad** UK.	sadness
Fear mongering.	fear
hahaha. I was/am honestly surprised that is the only time I've heard of a parent calling a rapid.	surprise
No kidding. Pretty sure my husband enjoys it as much as I do.	joy
You sound scared	fear
Hell, I'm saving your Reply. Enjoy being the first in my list!	joy
I love how he’s still smiling while being eaten	love
The fact that she told you your sex life is over is insane to me.	surprise
I’m too poor to watch this 🙈😂	sadness
Dude nsfw this damn	anger
Loved this moment. Also loved [NAME] face and [NAME] and [NAME] wedding when they kissed; so touched!	love
I'd argue they are advocating not fighting the fire in your house when the entire neighborhood is engulfed in flames.	anger
Seen as Child abuse in some places. Not illegal but judges hate it. No matter the sex.	anger
First of all, no. Second of all, she probable is still in love with you 	love
I miss him on our pp	sadness
Happy anniversary!! ❤	love
I get migraines too and I’m sooo tired the first two days of my period	sadness
Oh wow, that was a serendipitous ending! The weed saved her life. 	surprise
I love her so much	love
ah, [NAME] I love this boy	love
Yes, dude! I'd love to see it finished. 	love
[NAME] on a pretzel. That is just...fucked up. Those comments are absolutely...I can’t think of anything awful enough to describe them.	anger
I like to think [NAME] is finishing the school year before coming back home.	love
I love salty popcorn. and sweet and salty popcorn. and tomato and worcestershire sauce popcorn. and chocolate popcorn... I'm just a fan of popcorn =D	love
Glad to see that thoughtful doggo found a home here!	joy
It’s your choice what you choose to do, but just know you’ll be surely missed by loved ones.	love
happy cake day	joy
Apologies for vertical view! Bonus commentary from my mini me that loves this sub!	love
i love [NAME] and [NAME] so much, but... [NAME], my dudes.	love
What the fuck who likes cold	anger
the older i get the more it hurts	sadness
Those bastards lied to me	anger
Dude, y'all anti American scum don't even believe in science. Fuck off with your generic bullshit because you can't list a specific example. 	anger
My biggest fear is catching feelings. I got dangerously close once lol. It’s just about self control.	fear
And everybody clapped! Fuck this loser!	anger
What a methy situation!	surprise
I love juancho	love
I love you ❤️	love
I like the airpod memes other than that haven’t tried them so can’t say for sure	love
I took in a friend of mine and creating a vanity for her (she loves to do her makeup) is honestly one of my more cherished memories.	love
I'll be shocked if humanity makes it to 2100. But yeah. It's a miracle I'm alive since I had the toe on the trigger.	surprise
I would like to see the after justice of idiots like this	anger
I love those moments where [NAME] finds a teammate opens and whips the ball at them but our guys are tuned out and don't expect it.	love
I am clueless lately. None of my students parents speak English. It breaks my heart because I want to have more open communication.	sadness
I hate to sound like we're in a Santa Monica coffee shop, but keto diets are incredibly effective if you can stick to it	anger
That sounds terrible! I get hay fever some years, I also have eczema and anxiety, all at once sounds like pure hell.	fear
Bro I love how she deletes it so all ur hard work is gon	love
You can't demand historical accuracy 'at all' then. It's logical fallacy.	anger
And it seems, just genuinely nice, hilarious, and passionate about her work. I hope she gets more of an edit from now on!	joy
Can’t believe they actually got married. What a joke	surprise
I beta-tested Gwent. After all that and everything after launch, I'd still rather just play it as a minigame in Witcher 3.	joy
This kid is one of the best passive aggressive insults ever. I love it.	love
And the sad part is this goes on for decades and decades grrrrrrr	sadness
I love you. I had no idea before now, but I love you.	love
I’m glad	joy
Yeah, it’s a really similar thing. Some kids love it, some kids are really freaked out. 	love
It's the hard R that'll get you in trouble.	fear
This is a test, now YOU have to give away that gold. Your donor was a cruel benefactor. 	anger
Watching Revenge sometimes makes me cry, thinking back to when I tried to memorize that song, and listened to it over and over.	sadness
Damn. I love peppermint.	love
I love you. I think that helps me a lot.	love
[NAME] was horribly inconsistent this year	fear
I’d love to flatten [NAME] emotions.	love
last year i had a major crush on one of my guy friends. still do.	love
Well, whaddaya know!	surprise
My girlfriend barely tolerates me showering in the morning, she'd be furious if I'd let an alarm ring while I'm away. And rightfully so. 	anger
FUCKING NORMIES REEEEEEEEE	anger
Love these guys and love this skit	love
I'm so sorry. That's awful.	sadness
I feel attacked	sadness
Hahahaha I love this man	love
And yet none of ya'll are willing to even let 3rd party candidates in the building. Got to love the hypocrisy	love
I tip my invisible hat anytime I drive past this dealership. What an unfortunate surname.	sadness
a surprise to be sure	surprise
You fucking got this bb, one step at a time. The DD is here for you.	anger
Bruh, I’ve been getting this tough love since I was 18. Hence the dusty balls. 	sadness
You sure are outraged about some people making fun of [NAME]. Gee, that's easy!	anger
I loved the first one, but haven't gotten around to the second one yet. 	love
Truer words were never typed. Loved that game.	love
I was so hyped after the zach shot, I'm still crying 	sadness
That’s a lot of chonkers!	surprise
I love when people call 500ms lights useless.	love
Was it just me or when they showed the backboard camera did the hoop look like it had a surprised face?	surprise
Oh god. Imagine losing to Toronto in the cup final. You would spent the rest of your life hearing about it	surprise
The kind you enjoy & can fully devote yourself to.	joy
Black people still get shot unarmed. Comparing suffering is stupid and pointless.	anger
Ate too much “hot chips”	joy
Wow, never knew about [NAME] and I thought I was well-read!	surprise
Ooh, and they make the joke be able to be known by everyone so viewer thinks they are special	joy
The best one for me is still Borderlands 2, and it’s been a fucking while. Amazing how far ahead of its time that game was.	surprise
This is an issue I had with breaking bad. I love the show but sometimes the actors would talk so frigan quietly.	love
I can guarantee you for many the hate for this administration started much before the election results were in.	anger
Suddenly went 6 to midnight TBH	surprise
I’d love to hear Zombie Bastards, King of the World, and the Angel and the One. 	love
I hate the way [NAME] kisses people. Like smushing his face in a figure 8 on their lips. Ugh	anger
Lots Of Love	love
"""I love the guy who is like """"the analogy is daft. Cheese would sink"""", like that isn't the point."""	love
*pounces on you* uwu you’re so warm	love
I’ll bet he insists he loves both of you because for him love is just serving his needs.	love
I really love [NAME]	love
I was petrified...	fear
See him live if you haven’t already. One of my favorites to see in concert.	love
I might be in trouble in this case. I have 7 years going on 8 :(	fear
There. Are. No. Moderate. Republicans. Repeat this, nonstop, everytime she is mentioned. She is an extremist who pretends to be moderate.	anger
As a closing TM, that’s terrifying. 	fear
So I should definitely give up on real life is what you are trying to say huh? :(	sadness
The one that is a sentient being; the one that's most affected.	sadness
Nah I like my pockets kief free	love
All good brother. Los Lonely Boys just came on and I'm jamming. Much love.	love
Sometimes I think it's like the movie *Shallow Hal*. You see the person for who they really are on the inside, and it's terrifying.	fear
literally exactly my thoughts on this!!! also happy cake day!!	joy
Oh poor guy. That’s so sad. I can see why she is an ex friend.	sadness
What? No angelic BROWN EFFIN COW????	surprise
I see you're a new fan, enjoy your stay!	joy
That was intentional as fuck. I don’t know how anyone could argue that after that insane contortionist layup over [NAME] last week.	anger
I can’t see her cheeks...wait a min. Oh those cheeks!!	love
Thought i was already there with the terrible title.	fear
I like [NAME] Colombian. Suspiciously cheap though.	love
That arena is so ugly I’d be scared too	fear
And they lived happily ever after.	joy
That's ignorant as all hell. Tell them to buy their own.	anger
Must be a terrible swim team. The only thing that your neck beard does is accentuates your double chin.	fear
Sadly too easy to gank. Bronze brawl 4-man notices you are split pushing, you are dead.	sadness
Am I the only one that likes the original better? It was cuter	love
My son told me he hates me	sadness
Oh mah gawd!!	surprise
My god. I could have written this. This exact scenario happens to me too (including waking up at 5:30 on the weekend)	surprise
Dude, you made my day. 	joy
100% scam	anger
This is so cute and wholesome? How is this terrible	love
[NAME]. I like those moments on Reddit when you understood the reference.	love
We’re all bible on this blessed day	joy
I find it really strange how people align themselves with or against a politician so strongly.	surprise
Either way, I am afraid his marriage is over. She doesn't respect him anymore...	fear
Your comment is completely irrelevant and you're trolling me in order for you to cry and whine about Detroit. Get out of here.	anger
Grammar jokes be* my favourite	love
I would think I was in a horror movie and lock the doors. Lol	joy
My girlfriend always says “Them’s the rules.” And I love it. I also love “I don’t make the rules.”	love
I'm really enjoying Season 3 but this would ruin it for me.	joy
An imaginary god won't make you feel better, that's right, just the one true Living and Eternal God of Great Mercy who loves you.	love
Yay, congratulations! :D	joy
Because learning another language is cultural appropriation. This people are pathetic.	sadness
Srs glad she's going to stop cancering herself	joy
RED ALERT RED ALERT	fear
"""[NAME] IS SO CUTE WITH THE """"MINE"""" SdgksadGDKLSG:"""	love
I was in Buckhead waiting to celebrate in the streets. Ugh. [NAME] freakin [NAME].	joy
When my [NAME] is crying...	sadness
Fuck me, that is good. 	anger
I was so happy for cowboy	joy
The Homestead Crater is fun. I also like the Crystal Hot Springs!	joy
Our games against San Fran always seem to have amazing finishes	joy
These questions tell you'll be a fantastic dad! Don't sweat it too much and make sure you enjoy it. They grow up quick :)	joy
I love [NAME] and [NAME] we are so lucky	love
shucci a lil BITCH	anger
I LOVE your glasses! I have the same color but a slightly different shape but yours really suit your face! Also I'm jealous of your hair 🤷‍♀️	love
Oh my god, zero-calorie Gatorade is a thing ^(i don't care how many chemicals are in it if its zero-calorie)	surprise
now when I'm off work I completely forget it exists, I love it	love
> but [NAME] shut her up see this is why we love [NAME] so much	love
That [NAME] missed layup is haunting me right now.	fear
He has become that which he swore to destroy!	anger
I love it that they're filming this with a phone or something	love
I was jumping the same gun but decided to do some googling just in case. Glad I did :)	joy
Not only your boyfriend thinks you are hot, Iike your haircut😉	love
My new favourite bromance	love
I can't unsee it now. I wish I could, I love magic	love
yeah violence shouldn't be your goto first option, but the people who pretend words are meaningless sounds are stupid idiots	anger
I love tropical weather, it's the endless ocean and moving ship (I have bad vertigo).	love
£20 per child?! That is ridiculous! You can’t buy much of anything for that! I am furious on your behalf!!	anger
That's still a fucking insane number. 70% is goddamn insanity, and the only reason you're alright with it is because you're unaffected.	surprise
YES please! I would love to see this map back in game! So many good memories	love
"""Also, on my phone this didn't show up as a """"cross post"""". Sorry!"""	sadness
How the fuck is that not ticketable.	anger
I enjoy it as well, there's dozens of us!	joy
That was brutal.	anger
That looks like a fun group	joy
It’s horrible for me, way worse than your situation. Be Glad that you aren’t me	fear
are you fcking serious sis	surprise
For fun!	joy
I feel terrible but I do this too, or watch obese people doing mukbangs	fear
*[NAME] playing the world's saddest tune on the world's biggest violin.*	sadness
Glad you are resting better, and as for your friend he deserves the brownie points. 	joy
Sadly they aren't in control. [NAME] is and he'll always do the worst possible thing.	sadness
Would love to see them both in the same side	love
Oh no, the horror. Look, a pause! Let's start CPR! Those nurses, probably	fear
You realize everyone sees you REEEEEEing all over the place right? You can act nonchalant all you want but obviously youre one salty sea dog	anger
What the Fuck?	anger
Lilo and Stitch is one of my favorites. I really want to go buy a stuffed Stitch to hug now.	love
True, and so sad to see. Somewhere along the way, the governing of a country my mutual consensus turned into a national sport with 2 teams.	sadness
lakers bout to get KAT fucked now	anger
Except it destroyed 76% of America's scooby snack production. May Shagster have mercy on us all.	sadness
I love democracy, that's why I hate antidemoratic institutions like the EU.	love
I like Brown Sugar	love
I love the thing. My jeans get all loose feeling after I wear them awhile. I feel skinnier when my jeans fresh.	love
I really love watching this one more than the goals.	love
I’m afraid it will eventually go that way.	fear
I don't think I'll ever love anyone or anything as much as I love a nice cyst pop.	love
I wonder if these little creatures with their big bulgy eyes ever poke themselves in the eyes accidentally.	surprise
Shocking isn’t it	surprise
[NAME] blows. Be happy she’s gone	joy
>more money than you I seriously, *seriously* doubt that. >doing something before this guys are outta the country Prove it.	anger
Those refs were terrible, god damn. GG Buckeyes, it was much closer than the score suggests.	fear
I am happy to receive constructive advice. If someone is short, or not constructive, I will react to it.	joy
Oh wow!!!	surprise
Sadly I know lots of peeps that would find this dude hot. He has that LA 90’s Persian chic thing going for him	sadness
you fucking moron	anger
I'd be more than happy to indulge this toothache.	joy
I’m surprised they find toothpaste still	surprise
People love him on Yelp:-)	love
I love you [NAME]!	love
I also love Dallas Observer's Concert Calendar by day:	love
I love your username	love
> Then and only then might you receive ~~a tip~~ **whatever change we have leftover from our grand expenses.**” FTFY. Sadly.	sadness
I watched the Lego thing with my 7 year old cousin and I was surprised at how quickly I became invested in it.	surprise
you beat me to it. Take your fucking upvote	anger
I wonder if the formal letter from the psychiatrist will help if cops just decide to shoot her first :(	surprise
Yeah! We should have given him justice by believing in claims with no merit! Yeah. Btw. [NAME] raped me 30 years ago! Get him!	sadness
I like putting myself in the girl's shoes so I love romances.	love
Please boycott them! I'd love some shorter queues.	love
I had a crush on this guy ever since I saw him as the mad hatter on OUAT.	love
Funny enough, I'm a Braves fan from CT whose main football team is the saints... So I don't like this post one bit. 	joy
The fact that you think like this is terrifying.	fear
U dumb.	anger
[NAME] damn it, I knew something was wrong, oh well.	anger
You were shot by a Vigilante!	surprise
It's practically non existent. Im mostly afraid to initiate a hug because I'm afraid I don't know/forgot how to hug.	fear
It's sad that nearly everything seems ok as long as [NAME] told you to do it.	sadness
The happiest of birthdays to you, [NAME]!	joy
Imagine ur mom doing that I’m crying	sadness
Problem is, it is Bantam and younger. I can teach breakouts easy enough and I don't need a panicked D zone to do it.	anger
I love how debt can now fully destroy hum after this move	love
Happy birthday [NAME]!	joy
He really likes Babylon 5	love
Yes that was abuse.	anger
I REALLY love martini glasses. But not this much.	love
I know a dozen local school administrators. What the hell are you talking about?	anger
Happy to not only have the same birthday as him, but to also have a ball he threw into the stands after the middle of the 9th inning. 	joy
You sick fuck it has heads and arms we can’t eat that.	anger
I have no friends.	sadness
Wanna trade lives? I'd gladly take normal height with hair and have the same experience.	joy
Can't believe people like this actually exist.	surprise
Shut yer mouth libtard and get yer MAGA on! /s	anger
Had surgery at 3mnths old to fill a pinhole in my back (spinabifida) Cutting myself after some severe postpartum depression	sadness
okay I just checked and OMG IT's SO TRUE (mostly) I really am a [NAME] <3	surprise
That...felt good...can I cry on your shoulder?	sadness
This is the most early 2000s thing ever. I love it.	love
The third was fun with the [NAME] & [NAME] banter, but my vote still goes to S1 for being mostly faithful.	joy
Just got back from Orlando to Chicago yesterday. I have a good feeling about this one!	joy
I love the idea of a farm school. I'd totally do that if I could.	love
You crush them up	anger
Blizzard was working with Activision long before Hots. I'm afraid its too late now, to divorce.	fear
yeah, [NAME] is who i was talking about :( love her but soon as she starts talking about baby stuff, i'm out	love
I Like [NAME]	love
I walked 500 miles and then I walked 500 more, you can’t relate to my pain 😤	sadness
Wow calm down	surprise
I'm afraid I'm gonna have to go with what he said about an hour ago. Unicorns. He just ruled out any sort of	fear
So pure I'm smiling :)	joy
Im surprised those ebrats who tried to steal your step daughter's board didn't complain to the mom about it.	surprise
Wonder what the sub’s average age is.	surprise
Shocked we didn't take him back and plunk him in the minors.	surprise
[NAME] is getting very unhinged I almost feel bad for him at this point	sadness
I mean I like the park and I was surprised by that poll too	surprise
It’s really sad to see	sadness
"""Translation: """"I have no argument so here's a rude comment""""."""	anger
Oh my [NAME]...	surprise
I'm so afraid to weigh myself. I'm gonna have to do it soon though 😭	fear
Hey, we all love South Park friend.	love
I’m as terrified of Mr. [NAME] just as much as any sane person but I don’t think we should *burn* him...	fear
It's just sad; she was just nice and normal before she messed with her looks	sadness
I feel a little sad for her. That she thinks the only options or something to do is having kids. Fuck her tho.	sadness
BITCOIN SEND MONEY INSTANTLY (waits 6 months to get money and still praises site)	anger
Happy New Year.	joy
They made the same few songs over and over again. Problem is I love those songs so I'm not too bothered. Personally love them.	love
Not one bit surprising, yet also not really a men’s rights issue	surprise
it's funny how conservatives always say that leftists get angry over everything when conservatives get angry over a starbucks cup or a brown man existing	anger
Aaaand everybody got diarrhea. Thanks dummy	sadness
Burn through ALL THE DATA	anger
YES! I LOVE Olaplex :)	love
I thought I was the only knicks/browns fan on this sub! That's cool. But yeah I love hearing him and clyde do broadcasts	love
Gawd but [NAME] is a bitch.	anger
That was fun	joy
this is painful	sadness
Doesn't look like any 12 year old I've ever seen.	surprise
I've never seen a more adorable tumble	surprise
It really do be like that	love
I love this and him. What a good dude.	love
Oh what a day! What a lovely day!	joy
I love you, 125.	love
That's some bitchy whore	anger
I just don’t like him 😂	anger
U get an updoot from one sad person to another	sadness
Sadly, it was not	sadness
What did the dyslexic atheist insomniac do last night? He stayed up all night wondering if there was a dog	surprise
I am sorry but you have to accept your reality. Thare ain’t nobody here who can help you on this problem. Just call 병무청 ASAP	sadness
Fuuuck, brutal	anger
my favourite kind of cookies.	joy
ahah I hadn't even thought of it until the scenario I mentioned above, so dont feel too bad.	sadness
Ignorance is bliss	joy
Well fuck. Just glad to get the point outta that	joy
I hate watching [NAME] play I can tell before he steps over half when he’s gunna shoot or pass. His BB IQ is atrocious	anger
I killed you in VR once. I loved it.	love
Somebody should make this a smaller video to share it around, this poor kid is going through a lot.	sadness
Lol!!	joy
It was a few years ago now, I’m afraid I don’t have it or I would.	fear
no do not destroy [NAME] pope and glorius god emperor will cry :((((	sadness
I feel so stupid. I’ve never made the connection between [NAME] refusing to play for SD and [NAME]	anger
Which totally makes it less funny for a person like me who has never seen this before, and laughed. 	joy
One of my favourite [NAME] moments	love
love u too	love
“Touch me again and I’ll kill you.” I’m low key blown away that The Last Boy Scout even *made* it to Australia.	anger
Well I just love it when my Squad Leader puts the order on the Opponent's starting flag for the whole round while we lose everything else.	love
I'm glad none of you are GM	joy
[NAME] isn’t a rocket scientist. I was surprised about the Thailand thing tbh I did expect it to be true haha.	surprise
She is smiling in the picture and, to add insult to injury, seems pregnant in the video.... 	joy
PUT THEIR BLINDFOLDS BACK ON!!!	anger
Of course. Just know that I know that you know you're a liar.	anger
Calm down. What the hell. I just tryed to tell you that there MEIGHT be a different side to that story.	anger
Report her to the police. Physical threats are a no-no.	fear
Honestly scared to see what happens	fear
I guess I am totally alone but I am really enjoying the audiobook and haven’t had a single complaint. I’m half way through now	joy
My grandmother-in-law does this. I’m sorry to anyone in the Va Beach area.	sadness
I love the north east. Can’t say much for the rest though	love
That poor snek :’(	sadness
I love how there isn't a single legit trade in this thread	love
I hate the argument too. It betrays and exposes the violent, primitive ape amygdala response that is most Human social interaction. 	anger
I'm scared because we don't really have any isolation scorers right now.	fear
I like the hints of purple	love
"""Not one single figure anywhere to be seen. Reminds me of auld Soviet propaganda. """"The harvest is up"""" """"People happier than ever"""""""	joy
You guys are heartless, smfh.	anger
love love love this. so happy for the both of you.	love
I love our cheese curds both fresh and deep fried. So good. And now I'm hungry.	love
Love frank and moody together	love
I know this is late, but I can’t believe I missed this. Love it.	love
So PST it is. Glad we agree.	joy
this off season is dark and full of terrors	fear
I would love you forever! Or dare I say, love you long time!	love
I can hardly hear you over those goal posts moving! Ahhhh the facts! They hurt! They hurt so bad mama!	sadness
Ooooh wow. 😆	surprise
[NAME] i feel personally attacked	sadness
I'd be shocked if he knew much of anything about the EU.	surprise
People are legitimately monsters.	anger
You mean Ichigo/Nero/Black Ranger/I'm a Frog. Did not know that [NAME] voiced [NAME], but it does exsplain why he sounded so familiar.	surprise
Poor crack baby 😥	sadness
This looks like don't hug me I'm scared	fear
I also love the first sentence (but in a more pro-science way than was probably intended)	love
Okay. I’m not a [NAME], but I love block games? Idk	love
I like [NAME], just thought there was significant savings there, and maybe sign [NAME] for cheaper...idk	love
I love how [NAME] delivers the Italian lines.	love
Me thinks this crosses the line of dignity. Makes me sad. It’s one thing to expose things but another to mock it.	sadness
I didn’t like him before this, now I really don’t like him. 	anger
Wow! I didn't even know there was a handball world championship.	surprise
"""But terrible people is my """"type"""""""	fear
OH MY [NAME]	surprise
I LOVE BASKETBALL	love
Ikr. Spend your time doing better things like reading [NAME] fanfics ❤️	love
[NAME] IS SO OLD HIS FAVORITE ROUTES ARE TO THE CVS AND CRACKER BARREL.	anger
Love me some Black and Tans, also love Snake Bites as well. 	love
Haha mines an old 2.5L 2002 non turbo. But I love it.	love
FUCK TAMPA. FUCK TORONTO. WE WINNING THE MOTHERFUCKING CUP	joy
Yeah wat a fucking knob right? Fucking nick...	anger
came here to say this. i've watched it through more than five times at this point. one of my absolute favorites.	love
Is this a real thing!?! (I am clearly very sheltered)	surprise
I would love to see your evidence for any of this above and below stuff. Go ahead, I'll just wait right here....	love
He is holding you hostage. Sad state of affairs.	sadness
My pleasure ☺️ hope you enjoy! She seems very sweet.	joy
And unfortunately videos like this act as a constant reminder that most people are complete dumbasses. Sad really.	sadness
Yes, they suck for making a profit off of people who are proven to be high risk. How dare they!	anger
I love you.	love
I discovered this show on the cnn docuseries about the nineties. What a terrible idea for a show 😂😂	fear
What a poor woman who only wanted to tell someone what to do.	sadness
I love this pic... believe me I am up for some reason my hands on you.	love
[NAME] fucking christ. When [NAME] came into the league he was pretty much as skinny as [NAME] is now. And look at the dude now.	surprise
"""The fact that """"TrueChristian"""" and """"TrueChristianity"""" are so [RELIGION] is extremely telling. The faith is dishearteningly fractured..."""	sadness
Happy birthday!	joy
Surprisingly all of my family keep their toasters on the work top despite being [RELIGION]/Unionist ?	surprise
I absolutely love it that EVERYONE is scoring... please keep this up for the rest of the season.	love
The best feeling ever was when class was over and it never got to your turn, so you didnt have to present until the next day	joy
Yikes on the sauce!!	surprise
yesterday was a fucking travesty to the game of basketball	anger
That’s a new level of blonde I never knew existed!	surprise
We had a baby, it's hard to find the time to take them down.	sadness
[NAME] is my daddddyyy!!!! And I can’t be on this planet without her/him!!!!!	love
I wonder how many didn't get the joke	surprise
I won't stop crying 😭	sadness
MOTHERFUCKING FLYING MONKEYS, AHHHHHHHHGHGHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!	anger
I'm sorry you had a bad experience, that's horrible. But that number saved one of my friends lives. Different for everyone	fear
I thought it was something about the dog not smelling your drugs, but now i'm just sad that you didn't get to pet it :(	sadness
It was stupidmancostume	anger
I am so happy that sub exists	joy
I feel sorry for her son that must have been super cringe	sadness
Just stop.	anger
I love it here too.	love
I like this man.	love
because your brain will associate the drip taste with the high after a few times, i love the drip	love
I’m happy I could help. Let me know if it works	joy
"""Oh like """"both of."""" Gotcha. Good times"""	joy
This is on a video about electric guitars what the fuck?	anger
Good catch. I guess I was just remembering the shift after the first debate. That's pretty sad, tbh. 	sadness
I was flabbergasted when I saw it.	surprise
If she canf even protect herself what the fuck is she doing in a business that protects others.	anger
I’m definitely leaving him. I have a 0 tolerance for cheating and won’t be staying for it to happen again	anger
Me too. One of my favorite potential Dem candidates	love
That does suck. I’m sorry. Having recently been ghosted by someone who I thought was a very close friend, it’s a terrible feeling	fear
I'm always happy to have you in my box.	joy
Hard to follow after reading his post history. Says he is divorced...	sadness
Oh my [NAME].	surprise
Sadly I think this is true & maybe this is the incentive adults need to get into action	sadness
I was surprised too	surprise
I swear to [NAME], these offseason dream/hypothetical lineups get me rock solid every single time. I love it	love
Not even polite if they're driving. The road rage here is terrifying.	fear
I'm glad to see when people succeed! I'm very happy for ya and life is going uphill which is always a great sign	joy
i am shocked... SHOCKED I TELL YOU!	surprise
i hate furries	anger
#Fuck the cowgirls & iggles	anger
"""i guess there is nothing wrong if i say """"May [NAME] grant you love, guidance and happiness"""" And yes, that was directed towards you"""	love
I LOVE THIS TEAM	love
[NAME] “ I’m afraid if I don’t have money she’ll leave me”. Yuh, you’re exactly right [NAME].	fear
I was honestly shocked when they denied an overpayment, especially since after the charges cleared it would have been a $0 balance.	surprise
Good to see [NAME] getting some love.	love
So happy I bought a PC. If you’re looking for a better experience across ALL games I suggest you do the same.	joy
We stick out in a crowd. You can run with it or hide from it. I love embracing it!	love
Wow... drug smugglers will always find a way I guess. I bet that took a ton of work	surprise
we are scared on /r/bengals rn	fear
Anyone else see her 10 year challenge post today or yesterday. I'm so shocked she wouldn't pick this picture.	surprise
That dog was so happy I thought he was gonna start flying like tails the fox in sonic	joy
Ditto this. Happy hour after work is nice and low-commitment.	joy
I let my cat lick the leftover milk out of the bowl after I eat cereal, he loves it. 	love
Sounds hella aggressive. You can say the same thing while being nicer about it.	anger
Ironically, everyone else (except a v small%) are thinking the same, try keeping this in mind next time.. enjoy your day	joy
im still starving	sadness
Oh no.	surprise
And I like the taste	love
That poor janitor.	sadness
Personally, I assume that those who claim NOT to be deprived in this way are just adept liars. That's how deprived I am.	sadness
I like Kyber	love
You have another new follower 😊 love your work!	love
Name one thing this person in power has said or done that’s racist. This should be fun..	joy
Puny god! Love it	love
Wow. Good thing [NAME] are known for having ample savings since our country treats the average worker so well.	joy
Surprised he didn’t get hit with a random drug test	surprise
He's a hypocrite like everyone else in his family and party.	anger
She's a piece of work. I'm glad you're reporting your account issues.	joy
Ah yes. Recursion. The backbone of Marxist theory. Glad you brought it up, chap	joy
I fucking love New Years day with the Hawks playing in the Winter Classic	joy
Definitely surprised we took out [NAME] there. We needed to finish the quarter strong and it went straight to shit when he left.	surprise
Wow no wonder everyone is driving mopeds around. That's all there's room for.	surprise
I will take it a as serious question. Sorry. I am in Europe	sadness
We were rumored to love [NAME] last year, so maybe we are interested in an athletic TE like that.	love
I’d love to see what a PhD in porn consists of! 😂🤣	love
[NAME] just think of how overworked her liver and kidneys must be!!	surprise
Sorry I failed to mention I'm relatively new to the scene . Last 2 years only	sadness
Same here. It’s very hard. I really feel for you.	sadness
I was thinking it’s sad that a team that hasn’t had a FRP for what seems like a decade has a better record than us.	sadness
poor [NAME] is in jail now for assassination.	sadness
I hate text speak . Do you really want to dumb down your argument more than you need to?	anger
#OMG TERRIFYING!!!!	fear
I'm mad at the process and happy with the results for Thrill tonight.	joy
I hope all my muscles cringe so spastically all my joints come loose and I collapse into a writhing agonized pile of blood and meat.	sadness
Oooo too soon man	surprise
10/10 reading. I don't care if it happened this way or not. I was sufficiently entertained!	joy
Love mine too. t-shirt	love
Huh. Siege is still a thing. I miss the old days. :(	sadness
This is so cool! I love the hat.	love
[NAME] sounds happy to be back! So glad we have the full crew today!!	joy
If you just slam on the brakes and accommodate these assholes they usually don't even realize they've done anything wrong	anger
In that case, I’m appalled. 	fear
I would think terrible, awful things.	fear
This must have been the fastest reply I've ever gotten omg	surprise
It’s been over 20 years since I rode the 15. I’m still traumatized.	sadness
Made my day	joy
Some additional background the robo-voice on that video is horrible.	fear
No problem. I'm happy to know it's not what you meant.	joy
I love this meme, killem with memes	love
I love this. [NAME] bless [NAME].	love
I love you raccoon go blazers	love
Makes it even weirder that she now hates America	anger
this is such a happy video	joy
I would stay away from [NAME]. Apparently his injury got infected and will require more surgery/surgeries	fear
That sounds terrible.	fear
Hey if any are left, I'd like to happily donate!	joy
Laws don’t apply when you’ve got money. Sad but true.	sadness
I’m scared to fall asleep——-	fear
That’d be lovely. Although now I have to root for AD to the Lakers which makes my chest hurt	joy
Wonder how many people are walking around with slimey noses trying to figure out if this does work.... Besides me that is	surprise
It's beyond evil. It is pure demonic when it's that pure sadism and vile sick torture. I hate them guys.	anger
We know Verb. Wait a minute, you’re not Verb!	surprise
I love it. She really snapped.	love
I’d gladly	joy
Think you're pretty funny, don't you, freak?	joy
i never really laughed at it, but its still one of my favorite movies. i view it more as a slice-of-life drama.	love
I love her face in the second one. Embrace your waiste!	love
Wow, that really hurts coming from a demented troll sockpuppets brigading me on this sub	surprise
I really like your writing!	love
I like Nurse. He shows grit. This is the stuff [NAME] should be doing.	love
His left hand is mightily fucked.	sadness
I love this because she doesn't even start out well and end poorly- it was bad the whole way through.	love
I'm 21. I've entered adulthood and I even have to face negative comments from family members. Adulthood won't save me.	sadness
Lindt don’t fuck about	anger
[NAME] 12 min long? That other 1 min video spoiled me.	surprise
I’m a crybaby now, but I’m so happy to see happiness	joy
Welcome to the hype train. hahhaha	joy
Wow did you really just scam me😔	surprise
Are you implying that I can not determine guilt by seeing a person's skin color and tense smile, you fucking racist?	anger
Meth is a hell of a drug.	anger
i wouldn't call that passive aggressive at this point, it's flat out aggressive and i love it.	love
All. I too, am drunk, and will be enjoying half price burgers at Whitlow's once my appetite kicks in. 	joy
I still hated the system though. I felt penalized for using anything that wasn't the power beam the entire game.	anger
This. Making my animals happy is one of the only things that makes me happy.	joy
You are oddly defensive about a random chef. Did you come to /r/wewantplates just to insult people and build up this chef? [NAME]	anger
I might be interested, been playing 5e in a couple campaigns now, happy to talk further!	joy
Why the hell do we sit trae in crunch time we probably won't win. Give him the XP. Very frustrating.	anger
[NAME], [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] all at top tier make me happy	joy
I still love figment!	love
Ireland because Ireland. Not me but i did something pretty scary.	fear
How is this the epitome of slavery? Nobody is forcing you to do this. Stop being dramatic.	anger
Love evolves. Try and imagine life without her. I always see an abyss within me when I imagine that.	love
"""Yeah like """"oh yeah? No shit?"""""""	anger
Oh believe me, we’d love that too	love
LOVE JAMES TOO	love
Glad you liked it!	joy
*Dread it, run from it* *[NAME] still arrives*	fear
I like Kate spade	love
Because [NAME] loves the American military more than any other one.	love
No it wouldn't you dumbass	anger
Too late with having it back. I really did'nt have much back then. So I had a really hard time too.	sadness
Congrats to you	joy
It is honestly just garbage, I'm surprised they're allowed to be ads	surprise
This is very [serious], how dare you guys mock this [serious] science?!	anger
Sounds pretty typical from Toyota really. Been hearing the same story from too many people. Sad really because they were always the best.	sadness
Oh god, [NAME] is terrible. My kid loves it though, and Dr [NAME]	fear
What an ass. I almost downvoted this out of anger.	anger
I think it was a one time thing because they still go for a lot more. I got lucky.	joy
Post them all! Love old pics.	love
I once had a guy yell something obscene from the window of his truck and throw a half full beer can at me too... good times	joy
So many. [NAME], [NAME], [NAME], [NAME] (with her eyebrows), [NAME], [NAME], and [NAME] are some of my favorites. 	love
Damn i am sad that got deleted	sadness
I'm still surprised this thing is only 2 Lanes in each direction	surprise
Fuck these calls	anger
I’m shocked at how big that defeat is.	surprise
Wait, WHAT?!?!	surprise
So very sweet! Brotherly love	love
Oh wow, I feel bad for the parents, they had no idea	sadness
I dont mind these people dying, what bothers me is that some random bystander could be smashed by this guy should he fall	sadness
And the human babies - don’t forget them! Totally wicked! Sad!	sadness
I like how adamant you are that you didnt woosh yourself	love
It never ends well	sadness
I love almost everything Ethiopian but by [NAME] is Ethiopian music hard to listen to	love
Fuck sake man	anger
Screw them. We do what we have to do to get our kids to eat.	anger
Where did you get those tunnels? I love them and would like some myself!	joy
Wow,29 turnovers. Something to talk about	surprise
Yeah, I’m at the dh store. so it’s far but not that far. People really are horrible. 	fear
I'm glad he's still watching	joy
Fuck your opinion apparently	anger
My name is [NAME] too. It's so strange hearing my favorite bravolebs say it on TV.	surprise
Mental illness. Operation on 7 people in a manic state . Four of them died. All his money was gone and his rich friends abandoned him.	sadness
Worrying about [NAME] during a game is ridiculous. Especially when he's currently 6-11 from the field.	fear
Oh, it’s you again. Here: 	surprise
now I kinda wish [NAME] wasn't an imaginary cartoon character because this would actually be fun.	joy
I hate betting unders.	anger
How could I not? These actors...I love them. Their faces give me joy, hope. 	love
Dude. Same. That would just be... Devastating.	sadness
-20 here and I took the dog for a walk. He's lucky I love him.	love
>![NAME]. Apologies to the Hiyoko Best Girl gang but I could never get myself to like her...!<	sadness
The shocking thing about this all is that she seems to be British born. I'd expect this from immigrants, not those born in the UK.	surprise
I enjoyed the 1:50 seconds of this person going about their day uneventfully	joy
The way i eat fried rice that may be practical for me. Love me some fried rice.	love
Fuck the people that couldn't make rent, pay bills or medical costs because of the shutdown, right?	anger
I'm elated to hear that 🤗	joy
Fries with vinegar sound completely awfull	joy
I can't believe [NAME] is considered an mua and he can find match his foundation lmao	surprise
no its amazing.	surprise
So edgy.	fear
Man I love reddit.	love
where’s that tashy bastard	anger
I dare each or any of you fuckasses to try and blame [NAME] for this one	anger
I regret my psycho ex. Does that mean I was raped? Or do the rules not apply because I'm a man?	anger
you deserve love too	love
Nah, some cake sniffers were enjoying the books way before.	joy
Mate just go out and get yourself a steak dinner, you will enjoy it much more than Artifact.	joy
Love him.	love
I would love it if they could, but I don't think his trade value is that high	love
Tell him he needs to go to rehab or he’ll be kicked out.	anger
I'm speechless.	surprise
Oh. That is unfortunate	sadness
Be happy because I won't be short anymore one day	joy
"""I love how some people have the mindset """"children should be seen not heard, unless they something rediculously outlandish then they must have a supernatural connection."""""""	love
😂 sometimes I love old people. Not always. But sometimes! I ant wait to be an old ass troll saying shit like this.	love
I’ve tried a few times on mobile and it never works for some reason. Edit: just logged on at work and fixed it. Feels good	joy
How dare they ask me to be a good person! I'll show em!	anger
Oh I hate him even more now.	anger
Wow yeah similar to my story what a nightmare :(	surprise
It's a superfund site with a couple of inches of topsoil on it. Have fun with your cancer dummies.	joy
Love this picture	love
If that mask could talk it would beg someone to end it's suffering.	sadness
No biggie, dude, sorry I got all triggered, I just reeeally love [NAME] 	love
I love a good leg pop	love
You people are awful. Those are *Haggisus Australis*. They're a protected species!	anger
I love democracy	love
"""What a very """"centrist"""" thing to say. """	surprise
for me it was def the egg yolk. i’m pouting as i reluctantly eat it.	sadness
I love this guy.	love
Yeah I'll probably do some baking with it! I might also like it better after a while, I was just very surprised today 😂	surprise
I like this rule because in life there are always exceptions. The problem is when you start feeling entitled to *being* that exception.	love
Confound your toll Troll!	surprise
Love taking my girl out for sush	love
Remember when that one guy went on “Carpenter is awful” campaign? That meltdown was my favorite	love
This is straight up depressing	sadness
This really hurts my feelings.	sadness
[NAME] is also a Vikings fan. I'd love to have him on the longboat.	love
Your dog is soooo cute	love
Holy shit I didn’t realize he didn’t fumble all season that’s wild	surprise
I will GLADLY tell him to his face. And have.	joy
Oooh, hasn't seen that one. My favourite song is the first half of Miss Me.	joy
I’d love it!!! Can you get it to Long Beach?	love
FIDLAR dropped their new album today (yesterday?). It is certainly...different. But I'm enjoying it all the same	joy
Wow another person in Dunedin uses Reddit	surprise
wow, there's no way [NAME] should 'er scored that	surprise
Oh, wow, I didn't know my Dad had a Reddit account.	surprise
Same here. The ones who know me and my obsession always let me know and it makes me happy.	joy
Have a lovely day.	love
I love how they cannibalize each other.	love
It was such a strange error.	surprise
wow, here in Brazil people say the opposite of this phrase, also makes me mad	surprise
He doesn’t, he’s terrified, cries and hugs you. Basically one of the scariest scenes in TWD.	fear
This hurts my brain	sadness
I love this, and #2	love
I'm a Broncos fan. I'll never, ever root for the Chargers, Chiefs or Raiders. Who the fuck would? 	anger
Loved that damn [NAME]	love
That hop/shuffle is scary	fear
nearly choked on my chicken breast	fear
Don't be an asshole	anger
Exactly. It was The fact that everything happened and ended so suddenly that left me speechless.	surprise
Mmmm, I sure do love some Vaseline on a hot piece of toast in the morning. 	love
Wtf is a weeb	anger
I love that you have such a great relationship with your brother. Your parents seem pretty great too; if a bit exasperated by you in particular : )	love
The saddest thing is you will never understand how absolutely idiotic what you just said is.	sadness
Pretty normal! I have a friend who is exactly the same :)	surprise
[NAME] is so eloquent! Loved that scene	love
Love the username	love
A Wall is NOT a Volition of the NAP you idiot.	anger
Damn, politics *does* make strange bedfellows.	anger
"""I'd love if this just quick-panned to [NAME] giving a brutal RBF while this moid fawned over her """"personality shining"""""""	love
I really love the sorta sharp angles you used !	love
No credit?? This is the brilliant youtube channel You Suck At Cooking	anger
I like the earthquake that occurs after she falls. Glad the cameraman got that on video.	joy
PLEASE leave my Mother out of this!	sadness
FUCK YOU CHAD, WE ARE COOL GAMERS RISE UP😎😎😎💯💯💯💯💯🔥🔥👅 BOTTOM TEXT 	anger
I like this area when I go to the aquarium. It's a nice rest spot	love
Getting tougher to make those mortgage **and** car payments.	sadness
PayPal is fucking pricey. 500 bucks to Mexico cost me 60$	anger
How can you look at that. it hurts.	sadness
It’s definitely a massive problem for both of us. Attributing blame does nothing to solve the problem.	sadness
Im retarded lmao Etiz/flualp	anger
Poor [NAME] she just broke her back	sadness
Seeing this makes me happy. I hope this is true :)	joy
I'm sorry for you... That sounds not cool :'(	sadness
Did you hear about that old Italian chef? Sadly, he pasta way.	sadness
I'm sorry for your loss. From the picture it looks like he had a great life if that helps	sadness
 that’s actually sad, feel bad for him :/	sadness
Philanthropy really scares some people, doesn't it? People did this to [NAME] too. 	fear
Anarchy, anarchy, I don't t know what it is, but I love it.	love
Indeed! Oh [NAME], you are in for a horrible life...	sadness
Those other people who gave the second one to the boy are pricks. The girl obviously loves hockey more.	love
Fuck calm down [NAME]	anger
The baby photos, holy fucking shit there's so many baby photos now.	surprise
I love reading anti gentrification comments. Because they always sound so stupid.	love
By far my favorite STP song and one of my all-time favorite songs in general. Love this song.	love
Wow, I'm glad he's okay.	surprise
Shut up you shill /s	anger
I like this one.	love
I'm so sorry that your partner doesn't understand that you no longer want to put hormones in your body.	sadness
Definitely going to fail without a doubt qualified to even own my dog, and I’m happy it’s a deload week.	joy
Wow, “Social” Democrats betraying the revolution. Who would had guessed?	surprise
As ~~a very attractive person~~ an animal lover Monkey Heart sounds kind of cute to me, too bad these racist people use it as an insult	love
dude,,, same i cried today because i couldn’t go to the gym bc my foot was too swollen to wear shoes lol	sadness
The sad thing is that most of them are gone the next election anyway.	sadness
this take can get the fuck out. that bulge is sacred	fear
r/rareinsults also i’m surprised this guy isn’t fussing over the “it’s” instead of “its”	surprise
That's cute love it!	love
Glad to hear it :) definitely more on the way!	joy
That's an unexpected pair of fighters.	surprise
love that guy	love
Fuck her. I hate her so much. I wish she’s just vanish back to Indonesia with her mustache.	anger
That's crazy. Glad you got your money back though!	joy
Oh [NAME] i forgot about those. I used to love them.	love
Mine do this too and it melts my heart every day. Such pure love for each other.	love
We knows mumps immunity wanes; is it possible for measles immunity to do the same thing? I'm kinda scared to try Googling it too.	fear
I hated that smug ass lawyer.	anger
[NAME] show tonight and i'm loving it	love
You can never beat an auld apple tart and custard. They'll love you. Nice pit of tea to wash it down 🍀	love
She might just be bitter over her own relationship and this is a painful reminder in some way.	sadness
To be fair, they did call it a horror. 	fear
I'd love me some JVG, but not that [NAME] freak [NAME]...	love
I love my cheek bones and my skin tone (this one took me a while to accept!).	love
I really love that game devs are started to put these references in games.	love
We're all [NAME] fans in our hearts	joy
Crafty little bastards.	anger
oh my good	surprise
Yes, very sad but that's the reality of competitive online gaming right now	sadness
*youve doomed us all, evacuate the continent immediately*	anger
He lost his shoes. He’s legally dead.	sadness
Omg saucepan what a daring and unconventional look!!!11	surprise
That's why I'm glad they got [NAME].	joy
What about a meet tomorow night (saturday night jan 12th) its supposed to be nice, just let me know and ill swing on by. 👍	joy
I don't care what anyone says I love [NAME].	love
ho boy are you in for a surprise	surprise
I'll kill you.	anger
ohhhhh my gosh	surprise
He probably enjoyed it so much with his frat brothers that he's willing to buck his own party for good weed.	joy
So why did [NAME] leave? They were predictable and mostly tolerable. Three wings is absolutely intolerable. I hate him.	anger
Three years ago I did! Ended up hospitalized for 5 days. I can say that I'm in a much better place now. :)	joy
omg, id cry if this was my store 	sadness
I actually feel bad for your roommate, poor guy.	sadness
I love crows!!!!	love
I love how they ignore the sniffling buffoon who struggled to read the words off the teleprompter in his speech	love
C'mon baby, C'MON DEEP SHIT	anger
Predicted almost exactly what was going to happen. Still got me.	surprise
Wow i've sat like all of those	joy
I too have had this happen on XBONE. I really want to love this game, but it keeps giving me reasons to play something else.	love
Kid looks like he's about to cry	sadness
Bro we got destroyed last time, we’re due for a heartbreaking missed field goal or extremely ill-timed turnover 	sadness
My darling, have you bowed down to worship the ancient one yet? We are very worried. 	fear
Grandmother got into an accident many years ago, and walked away with broken ribs.... it took her a couple years before she found out	sadness
[NAME] in the trash that's just how I like it good list	love
It's so sad that people don't vaccinate their children. For every upvote to this post, I'll vaccinate my child in protest. 	sadness
I love it. :D	love
Minor character but I love [NAME].	love
Unbelievable that we didn’t sign him Also, we could’ve potentially signed [NAME] the window we signed [NAME]. Kill me.	surprise
Not related, but now I wonder how Delta would have done on the hair ball challenge	surprise
Oh goodness, that show shaped my sense of humor. I loved it so much.	love
Looks like a plate to me. A stupid plate. But a plate nonetheless.	anger
I’ve been kicked in the leg my foots been stamped on. I can’t imagine the pain of this	sadness
That was your saddest shortest story yet	sadness
I might get to phaneuf traded levels of joy.	joy
wow even the buildings on the poster haven't loaded in	surprise
Wow now I know there's a twist. Why even watch it?	surprise
I'm glad we agree.	joy
Would love to have him come back to the organization in some way. GOAT.	love
Oh same! But with [NAME]!	surprise
I actually feel assaulted by this video.	sadness
I hate y'all too	anger
We sacrifice them both to [NAME] and throw them in the Baler!	sadness
Seriously? I couldn't even remember the dude's name until about halfway through the season honestly.	surprise
Sad and very true though. Case in point.	sadness
That sound you are hearing is me, a middle aged woman, applauding you wildly. How fun this is to read on my morning break.	joy
I was just joking...	joy
I've been playing for years and it's still a bitch for me to lay off balls.	anger
A sharp stick? I think you need a rifle to kill that bastard	anger
Yes but that's largely changed in much of the US (the coasts at least). Surprised a state or two hasn't legalized it	surprise
BALL DONT LIE	anger
Go to Happiest Hour before/after the game. Walking distance b/w AA center. It's a fun spot!	joy
And here is my personal favorite, “To weigh one couple’s pathetic-ness against the others is to split the hairs that [NAME] collected.” Truth 💆🏽‍♀️	love
I'd say the bigger potential problem is getting reported for public indecency, that goes on your criminal record.	fear
Oh no, my secret identity as a neurosurgeon/entomologist/radiologist/anesthetist/dentist has been discovered! I knew I should have given less detailed medical advice online! D: 	surprise
Rule of cool: horses are sweet, and fun, and lancing someone is an awesome animation.	joy
My son and I both enjoy taking pictures. It gives us pleasure. Part of the fun for us on vacation is taking pictures of new things.	joy
I actually really like [NAME]	love
Sometimes, I am amazed that they are able to fit into a car.	surprise
I love the accidental deep frying from the tears on certain words	love
I like this a lot	love
The Vikings....they make me the most angry.	anger
Not a chance, and I love it!	love
I love this 10/10	love
FUCK YESSSSS CJJJJJJJJ	anger
I love the concept but if they release another kpop skin line they should recosnider giving the group a different name to rival KDA	love
Wow she still hasn't helped even though you recognize it?	surprise
Sadly, I’m younger. 15.	sadness
Wow I had no idea all of this transpired. Crazy!	surprise
When I drove refers I was always afraid this would happen to me. I always shut my doors I'm just a worrier	fear
He was afraid of flying	fear
Oh my *FUCKING* **GOD**!!	surprise
Dude couldn’t see he had a spool of hair growing on his face?!	surprise
Why am I crying rn...	sadness
Watch out, [NAME]!! [NAME] is right behind you. Oh god oh fuck he can’t hear us, he has AirPods.	anger
Did you shoot your husband?? I love my husband! Yeah but did you shoot him??	love
He's transcended fuck-you-money to fuck-me-money territory	anger
1 is spot on. Anxiety completely disappears. I like when that happens. One less issue	joy
Why was nobody driving the damn thing? They were all in the backseat. :/	anger
Manipulation. I love my mother btw, but this thing is insidious.	love
I'm not crying... you're crying!	anger
Please don't think the way they're trolling represents us [NAME]. I'm sorry this happened.	sadness
I was freaking out watching this. WTF are the parents!?	anger
Oh my [NAME] your desk is fucked.	surprise
Bitch ass n*** [NAME] rooting for [NAME]	anger
Damn! You were so close! Scary. Damn damn!	fear
The fact [NAME] met her at the airport should tell you all you need to know about why they did it. What a farce.	joy
North Wahroonga. Lovely clear day, then some distant rumblings, 10 mins later pea-sized hail. Summer <3	love
I love that idea!! And the homework is almost always work that wasnt finished in class. None of her teachers assign homework unless its a project.	love
I love imagining that the drugs just stay ping ponging through the air as more and more drones keep coming to join the battle.	love
Our team just gave up the moment that happened and all went to top lane to have a b-step party with the other team	joy
Plutocrats love Wealthcare.	love
I’m offended that your offended	sadness
I love this. I started to play PK again and I would love this	love
Kind of wish they recorded a video of the shard of glass moving through the heart, we would all pee a little in our pants.	fear
In the 1st quarter too. I love it.	love
Gotta love our *progressive* neighbors	love
I am so blessed to be a lesbian.	joy
I DON'T BELIEVE, WHAT I JUST SAW	surprise
No, no, please don’t make me see [NAME], please!	fear
Happy Easter everyone!!	joy
Especially hard last night looking at Snapchat stories.	sadness
i love [NAME]. itd be incredible to see her	love
Lmfao. Tax refunds. Must be nice to get one of those.	joy
stop making me cry man	sadness
You'd be surprised how much control [NAME] has in your life. I've experienced it first hand. Mentally.	surprise
Hi, female prostitute for sex work here. Can you not with this angry and condescending attitude? Not good camaraderie, comrade.	anger
I feel like this anime will make me cry in the end. Damn even its opening is full of drama. Am I correct in this?	sadness
Be adult Pay taxes to govt Be deemed incompetent by people with different views Feels bad	sadness
Dude, wtf is this?	anger
Damn this is dope	anger
I’m tired of these stupid posts. Stop trying to become a meme. You’re ruining this sub!	anger
...it was a corgi, and that dog looked happy as hell.	joy
Guess I hit a triple	surprise
Yah, totally. It's just kind of scary when all you hear are loud extremes on both sides. 	fear
I used to love watching that show.	love
She got the death penalty...? fck me.	anger
Who gives a shit. Stay in your fucking car.	anger
Natural selection, I love you. 	love
No it's propaganda we because r/politics only presents info, true or (usually) or otherwise info that is designed to hurts conservatives and help liberals. Propaganda	sadness
if [NAME] got any more attention i'd really like it to be with [NAME].	love
Stop believing everything you’re told.	anger
Oh damn, is that who made that up?	surprise
That's a cool dino	joy
Shhh don't give them the idea!	anger
Downtown is inconvenient, look like you've gone full county, enjoy your strip mall 	joy
My inevitable famine is when I run out of pop tarts and get sad	sadness
Added you mate well I’ve just got the bow and I love the hunting aspect of the game so happily join you hunting and what not	love
Enjoy the ride!	joy
