'So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	Bad
Good case, Excellent value.	Good
Great for the jawbone.	Good
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	Bad
The mic is great.	Good
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	Bad
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	Bad
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	Good
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	Bad
What a waste of money and time!.	Bad
And the sound quality is great.	Good
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	Good
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	Bad
Very good quality though	Good
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	Bad
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	Good
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	Bad
So Far So Good!.	Good
Works great!.	Good
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	Bad
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	Bad
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	Good
The commercials are the most misleading.	Bad
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	Good
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	Bad
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	Good
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	Good
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	Bad
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	Bad
Doesn't hold charge.	Bad
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	Bad
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	Good
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	Bad
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	Bad
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	Good
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	Bad
It has kept up very well.	Good
Poor Talk Time Performance.	Bad
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	Good
worthless product.	Bad
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	Good
I was not impressed by this product.	Bad
Nice headset priced right.	Good
I only hear garbage for audio.	Bad
Excellent bluetooth headset.	Good
It has all the features I want	Good
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	Bad
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	Bad
This case seems well made.	Good
Disappointed with battery.	Bad
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	Bad
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	Good
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	Good
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	Good
I love this thing!	Good
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.	Good
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	Bad
I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!	Good
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	Good
The buttons for on and off are bad.	Bad
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	Bad
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	Good
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.	Good
Buy a different phone - but not this.	Bad
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	Bad
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	Bad
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	Bad
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	Good
Great for iPODs too.	Good
This device is great in several situations:1.)	Good
Mic Doesn't work.	Bad
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	Bad
Great choice!	Good
Nice docking station for home or work.	Good
This is a beautiful phone.	Good
Love this product.	Good
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	Bad
This is a great little item.	Good
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	Good
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	Bad
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	Good
Not a good bargain.	Bad
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	Good
The battery runs down quickly.	Bad
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	Bad
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.	Good
This phone works great.	Good
The construction of the headsets is poor.	Bad
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	Good
The phone loads super!	Good
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	Bad
Made very sturdy.	Good
Worked great!.	Good
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	Bad
Dont waste your money...	Bad
Will order from them again!	Good
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	Bad
I found this product to be waaay too big.	Bad
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	Good
I'm very disappointed with my decision.	Bad
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	Good
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	Bad
Definitely a bargain.	Good
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	Good
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	Bad
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	Good
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	Bad
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	Good
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.	Bad
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	Bad
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	Good
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	Good
its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.	Good
Great product, fast shipping!.	Good
Absolutely great.	Good
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	Good
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	Bad
It is very comfortable on the ear.	Good
It has been a winner for us.	Good
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	Good
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	Good
Could not get strong enough signal.	Bad
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	Good
Bad Quality.	Bad
Gets the job done.	Good
Great audio!.	Good
Basically the service was very bad.	Bad
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	Bad
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	Good
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	Bad
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	Good
The accompanied software is almost brilliant.	Good
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	Good
!I definitly recommend!!	Good
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	Bad
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	Bad
Very good stuff for the price.	Good
My headset works just peachy-keen.	Good
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	Bad
Voice recognition is tremendous!	Good
What a waste.	Bad
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	Bad
I was not happy with this item.	Bad
very disappointed.	Bad
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	Bad
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	Good
What a waste of time!	Bad
Its reception is very very poor.	Bad
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.	Bad
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	Bad
I Was Hoping for More.	Bad
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	Bad
I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!	Good
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	Good
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.	Bad
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	Good
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	Good
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	Good
And I just love the colors!	Good
W810i is just SUPERB.	Good
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	Bad
Great charger.	Good
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.	Bad
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	Good
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.	Bad
Great Value.	Good
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	Bad
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	Good
doesn't last long.	Bad
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	Bad
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	Good
Thank you for wasting my money.	Bad
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	Bad
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	Good
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	Good
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	Good
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	Good
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	Bad
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.	Bad
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	Bad
Don't buy this product.	Bad
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	Bad
The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.	Good
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	Bad
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	Bad
Incredible!.	Good
Design Flaw?.	Bad
Great phone!.	Good
Waste of 13 bucks.	Bad
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	Bad
The replacement died in a few weeks.	Bad
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	Good
Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.	Good
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.	Bad
Not impressed.	Bad
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	Good
You'll love how thin it is.	Good
Bad Choice.	Bad
The pleather case doesn't fit.	Bad
useless phone, simply deaf.	Bad
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	Good
All in all I think it was a good investment.	Good
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	Bad
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	Good
Battery lasts only a few hours.	Bad
great headset, very impressed - H500.	Good
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	Good
I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.	Good
Good transmit audio.	Good
We are sending it back.	Bad
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.	Bad
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	Bad
Great price also!	Good
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	Good
fast service.	Good
I would highly recommend this.	Good
I would recommend this.	Good
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	Bad
WORST PHONE EVER.	Bad
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	Good
Freezes frequently4.	Bad
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	Bad
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	Good
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.	Bad
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	Bad
These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.	Good
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	Good
I'm a bit disappointed.	Bad
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	Bad
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	Bad
The battery is completely useless to me.	Bad
What a big waste of time.	Bad
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	Bad
Great sound and service.	Good
Really pleased with this product so far.	Good
One of my favorite purchases ever.	Good
best bluetooth on the market.	Good
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	Good
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	Good
Do not make the same mistake as me.	Bad
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	Bad
the phone was unusable and was not new.	Bad
Worst Customer Service Ever.	Bad
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	Bad
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	Bad
Worth every penny.	Good
Excellent wallet type phone case.	Good
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	Good
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	Bad
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	Good
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	Good
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	Good
It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.	Good
I love all the features and form factor.	Good
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	Bad
poor quality and service.	Bad
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	Bad
Great Earpiece.	Good
Excellent hands free tool.	Good
Great for using with your home stereo.	Good
Good product - incredible value.	Good
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	Good
Works great.	Good
Absolutel junk.	Bad
THAT one didn't work either.	Bad
Battery life is real good.	Good
Returned 8 hours later.	Bad
It's a great item.	Good
Don't waste your money!.	Bad
Love this headset!	Good
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	Bad
Worked perfectly!	Good
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	Bad
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	Good
Avoid this one if you can.	Bad
Reversible plug works great.	Good
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	Bad
Very good phone.	Good
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	Good
Comfort for our whole family.	Good
Good product, good seller.	Good
I love this bluetooth!	Good
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	Bad
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	Good
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	Good
Great phone!.	Good
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.	Bad
Piece of Junk.	Bad
Poorly contstruct hinge.	Bad
This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems	Good
Great Phone.	Good
Don't buy it.	Bad
Excellent Phone.	Good
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	Bad
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	Good
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	Good
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	Good
This one works and was priced right.	Good
Customer service was terrible.	Bad
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	Bad
Sending it back.	Bad
Now I know that I made a wise decision.	Good
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	Good
Good price.	Good
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	Good
I received it quickly and it works great!!	Good
Has been working great.	Good
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	Bad
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	Bad
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	Bad
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	Good
The instruction manual is lacking.	Bad
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	Good
Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.	Good
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	Bad
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	Bad
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	Good
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	Good
I want my money back.	Bad
I love this device.	Good
I am also very happy with the price.	Good
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	Bad
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	Bad
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	Good
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	Bad
good item, low price.	Good
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	Bad
The plug did not work very well.	Bad
AMAZON SUCKS.	Bad
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	Bad
VERY comfortable.	Good
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	Good
The reception is excellent!	Good
It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days.	Good
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	Good
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	Bad
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	Bad
Very disappointing.	Bad
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	Bad
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	Bad
Excellent sound quality.	Good
Was not happy.	Bad
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	Bad
New Battery works great in phone.	Good
Worst customer service.	Bad
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	Good
Reception is terrible and full of static.	Bad
Good audio quality.	Good
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	Good
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	Bad
Were JERKS on the phone.	Bad
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	Good
Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.	Good
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	Bad
Excellent starter wireless headset.	Bad
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	Bad
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	Bad
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	Bad
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	Bad
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	Good
Nice design and quality.	Good
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	Bad
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	Good
bad fit, way too big.	Bad
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	Good
awesome device.	Good
Waste of money.	Bad
I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.	Good
Love This Phone.	Good
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	Good
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	Bad
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	Good
Battery life is also great!	Good
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	Bad
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.	Bad
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	Bad
Protects the phone on all sides.	Good
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	Bad
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	Good
Soyo technology sucks.	Bad
Great Hands Free Device.	Good
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	Good
Same problem as others have mentioned.	Bad
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	Good
Magical Help.	Good
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	Bad
Poor sound quality.	Bad
The best phone in market :).	Good
It worked very well.	Good
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	Good
Exactly what I wanted.	Good
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	Bad
This is a great deal.	Good
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	Good
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	Good
Better than you'd expect.	Good
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	Bad
Great product and price.	Good
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	Good
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	Bad
what a disappointment	Bad
Very prompt service.	Good
Excellent product for the price.	Good
Very pleased with this headset.	Good
don't waste your money and time.	Bad
I especially love the long battery life.	Good
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	Bad
Works great.	Good
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	Good
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	Bad
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	Bad
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	Good
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	Good
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	Bad
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	Bad
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	Good
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	Good
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	Bad
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	Bad
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	Bad
Price is good too.	Good
Don't make the same mistake I did.	Bad
Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.	Bad
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	Good
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	Bad
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	Good
every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.	Good
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	Bad
IT'S REALLY EASY.	Good
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	Good
Fantastic earphones.	Good
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	Good
Low Quality.	Bad
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	Good
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	Good
Warning - Stay away.	Bad
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.	Bad
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	Good
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	Bad
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	Bad
Very Displeased.	Bad
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	Bad
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	Bad
Restored my phone to like new performance.	Good
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	Good
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	Good
Does not fit.	Bad
Very happy with this product.	Good
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	Good
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.	Bad
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	Good
Portable and it works.	Good
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	Good
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	Bad
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	Bad
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	Bad
Timely shipment and quality product.	Good
Nice solid keyboard.	Good
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	Good
Horrible phone.	Bad
BT50 battery junk!.	Bad
We would recommend these to others.	Good
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	Bad
Disappointed!.	Bad
poor voice clarity.	Bad
The battery works great!	Good
No buyers remorse on this one!.	Bad
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	Bad
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	Bad
Looks great and is strong."	Good
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	Good
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	Bad
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	Bad
Great software for Motorolas.	Good
The delivery was on time.	Good
Very easy to use.	Good
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	Bad
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	Bad
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	Good
I'd like to return it.	Bad
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	Good
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	Bad
After charging overnight, these batteries work great.	Good
You won't regret it!	Good
I love this phone!.	Good
A Disappointment.	Bad
Its not user friendly.	Bad
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	Bad
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	Bad
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	Bad
This PDA rocks.	Good
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	Good
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	Good
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	Good
Pretty piece of junk.	Bad
Plug was the wrong size.	Bad
Works as described.	Good
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	Bad
Bad Purchase.	Bad
WELL IM SATISFIED.	Good
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	Good
This battery is an excellent bargain!	Good
Defective crap.	Bad
I would have given no star if I was able.	Bad
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	Good
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	Bad
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	Bad
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	Bad
great...no problems at all!.	Good
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	Bad
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	Good
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.	Bad
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	Good
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	Good
very good product, well made.	Good
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	Good
I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.	Good
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	Good
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	Good
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	Bad
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	Bad
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	Good
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	Good
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	Good
Works great!.	Good
REALLY UGLY.	Bad
horrible, had to switch 3 times.	Bad
The noise shield is incrediable.	Good
No real improvement.	Bad
Razr Battery - Good buy.	Good
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	Good
They refuse to refund or replace.	Bad
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	Bad
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	Bad
Great case and price!	Good
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	Bad
Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.	Good
Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.	Good
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	Good
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	Bad
I am glad I purchased it.	Good
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	Bad
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	Bad
Don't buy this product.	Bad
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	Bad
No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.	Good
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	Bad
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	Bad
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	Bad
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	Good
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	Good
Thank you for such great service.	Good
Its a total package.	Good
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	Good
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	Bad
It's AGGRAVATING!	Bad
Great product for the price!.	Good
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	Good
Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!	Good
None of it works, just don't buy it.	Bad
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	Bad
Please dont waste your money.	Bad
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	Good
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	Bad
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	Bad
Disapointing Results.	Bad
Cumbersome design.	Bad
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	Good
Great Product.	Good
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	Bad
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	Bad
This fixes all the problems.	Good
Worst ever.	Bad
I am very happy	Good
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	Good
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	Bad
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	Bad
That company is a joke.	Bad
It does everything the description said it would.	Good
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	Bad
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	Good
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.	Bad
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	Bad
It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.	Good
Better than expected.	Good
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	Bad
Battery is holding up well.	Good
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.	Bad
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	Bad
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	Bad
Sprint - terrible customer service.	Bad
Linked to my phone without effort.	Good
THey are so cool!	Good
Easy to use.	Good
Better Than New.	Good
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...	Bad
Piece of trash.	Bad
A pretty good product.	Good
This is a great phone!.	Good
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	Good
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	Good
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	Bad
Those phones are working just fine now.	Good
I am more than happy with this product.	Good
Poor Construction.	Bad
This is infuriating.	Bad
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	Good
Sprint charges for this service.	Bad
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	Bad
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	Good
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	Bad
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	Good
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	Good
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	Good
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.	Bad
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	Bad
Poor product.	Bad
However I needed some better instructions.	Bad
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	Bad
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	Good
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	Bad
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	Bad
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	Good
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	Bad
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	Good
Very Dissapointing Performance.	Bad
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	Bad
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	Bad
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	Bad
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	Good
Don't bother - go to the store.	Bad
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	Good
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	Good
You get what you pay for I guess.	Bad
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	Good
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	Good
These are fabulous!	Good
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	Bad
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	Good
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	Bad
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	Bad
Very wind-resistant.	Good
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	Bad
They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.	Good
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	Bad
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	Bad
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	Good
Great phone.	Good
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	Bad
I'm pleased.	Good
Battery is terrible.	Bad
I found the product to be easy to set up and use.	Good
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	Bad
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	Bad
The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.	Bad
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	Good
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	Bad
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	Good
Talk about USELESS customer service.	Bad
It felt too light and "tinny.".	Bad
This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.	Bad
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	Good
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	Good
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	Good
Does everything it should and more.	Good
I could not recommend these more.	Bad
Nice Sound.	Good
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	Bad
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	Good
Setup went very smoothly.	Good
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	Bad
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	Bad
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	Bad
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	Good
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	Bad
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	Bad
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	Bad
Truly awful.	Bad
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	Good
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	Good
And none of the tones is acceptable.	Bad
camera color balance is AWFUL.	Bad
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.	Bad
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	Good
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.	Bad
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	Good
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	Bad
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	Bad
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	Bad
Works well.	Good
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	Bad
Clear crisp sound.	Good
I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.	Good
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	Bad
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	Bad
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	Bad
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	Good
It doesn't make you look cool.	Bad
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	Good
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	Good
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	Bad
You can't beat the price on these.	Good
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	Good
lightweight and works well.	Good
So just beware.	Bad
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	Good
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	Bad
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	Good
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	Bad
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	Good
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	Bad
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	Bad
Poor quality.	Bad
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	Good
Not worth it.	Bad
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	Bad
It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.	Good
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	Bad
It was a great phone.	Good
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	Bad
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	Good
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	Good
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	Good
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	Bad
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	Good
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	Good
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	Good
Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.	Good
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	Good
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	Bad
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	Good
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.	Bad
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	Good
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	Good
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	Bad
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	Good
Krussel Always good.	Good
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	Good
The design is very good.4.	Good
I great reception all the time.	Good
I would highly recommend this product.	Good
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	Bad
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	Bad
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	Bad
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	Bad
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	Good
stay away from this store, be careful.	Bad
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	Good
Does not fit.	Bad
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	Good
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	Good
disappointing.	Bad
Blue Ant is easy to use.	Good
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	Good
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	Bad
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	Bad
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	Good
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	Bad
The sound quality is excellent as well.	Good
Its the best headset I have used.	Good
Would not reccommend.	Bad
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	Good
Just what I wanted.	Good
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	Bad
wont work right or atleast for me.	Bad
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	Bad
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	Bad
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	Bad
Great product.	Good
Crisp and Clear.	Good
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	Bad
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	Bad
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	Bad
The reception has been generally good.	Good
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	Good
Great bluetooth!.	Good
I highly recommend this case.	Good
WORTHWHILE.	Good
This is a great deal.	Good
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	Bad
I am sorry I made this purchase.	Bad
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	Bad
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	Bad
It was horrible!.	Bad
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	Bad
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.	Bad
They work about 2 weeks then break.	Bad
It is simple to use and I like it.	Good
It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results!	Good
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	Bad
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	Bad
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	Good
Great Phone.	Good
I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.	Good
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.	Bad
Perfect for the PS3.	Good
Five star Plus, plus.	Good
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	Good
$50 Down the drain.	Bad
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	Bad
Good , works fine.	Good
For the price this was a great deal.	Good
Great price, too!	Good
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	Bad
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	Good
Does Not Work.	Bad
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	Bad
The reception through this headset is excellent.	Good
2 thumbs up to this seller	Good
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	Good
Improper description.... I had to return it.	Bad
#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.	Good
Battery charge-life is quite long.	Good
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	Good
Battery has no life.	Bad
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	Bad
Product is exactly as described.	Good
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	Good
Doesn't do the job.	Bad
I would recommend it.	Good
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	Good
That being said, for a phone, the camera is very nice; many cool effects to play with, and video is decent as well.	Good
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	Good
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	Good
Awkward to use and unreliable.	Bad
The shipping time was also very quick!	Good
Not as good as I had hoped.	Bad
Good case!.	Good
Doesn't Work.	Bad
Really good product.	Good
Unfortunately it did not work.	Bad
All three broke within two months of use.	Bad
dont buy it.	Bad
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	Bad
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	Bad
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	Bad
Horrible, horrible protector.	Bad
I don't like this Nokia either.	Bad
Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.	Bad
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	Bad
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	Bad
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	Bad
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	Bad
Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.	Bad
It's not what it says it is.	Bad
Stay Away From the Q!.	Bad
Used and dirty.	Bad
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	Bad
Not good enough for the price.	Bad
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	Bad
It looks very nice.	Good
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	Good
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	Good
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	Bad
Comfortable in my hand.	Good
Just does not work.	Bad
Poor Reliability.	Bad
(It works!)	Good
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.	Bad
Terrible product, and waste of money!	Bad
Last time buying from you.	Bad
It was a waste of my money.	Bad
So far it has worked like a charm.	Good
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	Good
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	Good
Would recommend this item.	Good
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	Good
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	Good
The item received was Counterfeit.	Bad
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	Good
Works fine.	Good
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	Good
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	Good
My sister has one also and she loves it.	Good
Good Quality.	Good
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	Bad
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	Good
Excellent!.	Good
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	Bad
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	Good
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	Bad
Having trouble with volume.	Bad
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	Good
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	Bad
I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.	Good
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	Bad
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	Bad
Best headset ever!!!.	Good
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	Bad
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	Good
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	Bad
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	Good
Excellent product for the price.	Good
Bad Reception.	Bad
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	Bad
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	Good
Great phone.	Good
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	Bad
Everything about this product is wrong.First	Bad
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	Good
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	Bad
Terrible phone holder.	Bad
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	Good
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	Good
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	Bad
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	Bad
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	Good
How stupid is that?	Bad
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	Good
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	Good
Good show, Samsung.	Good
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	Good
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	Bad
Couldn't figure it out	Bad
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	Bad
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	Bad
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	Bad
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	Good
Works for me.	Good
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	Bad
much better than the hard plastic cases.	Good
It also had a new problem.	Bad
Happy so far!.	Good
cool phone.	Good
Works good.	Good
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	Good
It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.	Bad
but it is great, i would really recommend it	Good
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	Bad
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	Bad
Never got it!!!!!	Bad
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	Bad
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	Bad
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	Bad
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	Good
However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.	Bad
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	Bad
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	Good
Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 10!.	Good
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	Good
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	Good
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	Good
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	Bad
I'm returning them.	Bad
I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.	Bad
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	Good
I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.	Good
Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.	Good
nice leather.	Good
I had to purchase a different case.	Bad
It is a joy to use.	Good
Very much disappointed with this company.	Bad
Very satisifed with that.	Good
It didn't charge for me.	Bad
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	Good
Buttons are too small.	Bad
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	Good
Love it.. Great armband.	Good
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	Good
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	Bad
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	Good
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	Good
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	Good
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	Good
It's pretty easy.	Good
I cannot make calls at certain places.	Bad
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	Bad
Beautiful styling though.	Good
This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.	Bad
I'm trying to return it for a refund.	Bad
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	Bad
Excellent product.	Good
Earbud piece breaks easily.	Bad
Lousy product.	Bad
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	Bad
It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.	Good
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	Good
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	Good
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	Good
Not enough volume.	Bad
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	Bad
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	Bad
don't waste your money.	Bad
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	Bad
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	Bad
There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.	Bad
You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.	Bad
Phone falls out easily.	Bad
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	Bad
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	Bad
I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.	Bad
Painful on the ear.	Bad
Lasted one day and then blew up.	Bad
disappointed.	Bad
Kind of flops around.	Bad
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	Bad
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	Bad
Item Does Not Match Picture.	Bad
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	Bad
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	Bad
